don't crisis crash as much I don't think
that's the issue four three two
this time we're live ladies and
gentlemen we are live with the great and
powerful Russell Peters high and one of
the baddest motherfuckers ever get into
the ring - Lewis don't mess with the
best that's a fact that you know you're
walking around on this earth one of the
baddest motherfuckers of all time
verified 100% feel good about it - its
kind of feel good yeah don't get in the
new fights but you know what else you
have your wits about you a hundred
percent you're smooth and relaxed you
know how did you do that
oh I started out that way it's like you
know Apple don't fall too far from the
tree type of thing I've always been that
way
collective thinker soft-spoken and what
you don't know about me what you don't
know about me when you do know about me
you love me even more do you exercise it
all anymore boxing wise do ya hit the
bag and well not not hit the bag I'm
more into like working out with the
weights it wasn't you know like it was
hard for me when I retired that was the
worst part
what was the hardest just you know
saying okay you know I'm eating more so
I need to exercise coming I dunno
exercising but when I start exercising
I'm training for a fight right so it's
like okay training training what am I
doing this I'm not gonna fight but I'm
still training for a fight so mentally I
have to say to myself well let me try to
solve things you know and play tennis
and all these different sports which I
can play and that kind of helped me a
lot better yeah that is an interesting
thing with fighters a lot of times when
they're done they're done they just get
look at my guy he's got these back in
training camp but Maidana go why cuz you
probably got an Instagram people started
talking Chet is kind of fat that's what
made me want to lose weight yeah people
talking shit
they were like holy fuck did you eat
your whole cast you do look like you
losing weight though you look pretty
slim I lost 21 pounds with our with our
dear friend Jack
well hey Jitsu we'll peel that weight
off yeah that's a fact yeah that's some
strenuous shit you ever thought about
doing jiu-jitsu likes he's scared of me
he won't do it oh let me tell you when I
was growing up I had I had friends that
did wrestling I had friends that did
kickbox and all these different mediums
and you know we would always practice
with them where this wrestling whether
it's kicking whether it's doing whatever
play fighting you did all that stuff
yeah yeah because everybody always wants
to test the boxer right and say well you
know how does he throw up against a
karate guy house if you're up against a
kick box house if you're up against a
MMA guy yeah they always fair
financially better so you know for me I
didn't really throw my weight around
like that you know it's like don't mess
with me okay if you mess with me
something's gonna happen and then they
don't really mess with me I kind of
carry myself like that right because I'm
so serious that sometimes like you know
they can take they can sense the
seriousness of it serious but still
easygoing so I've no reason to push you
right I'm some silent but violent it is
an interesting thing though about about
fighters is that you're when you think
of exercise you think of exercises
you're preparing for a big violent event
yeah whereas for most people they just
don't want to be fat they want to look
good they want to get in shape and you
know it's a lot of people on Instagram
they're just working out really hard
every day but there's no reason right
you had a reason yes
yeah so when the reasons gone it's like
hmm now what how do I maintain this
shadeless and without maintaining that
lifestyle yeah you think of another
reason yeah like you you know you look
good by the way Thanks does look good
no thanks has seen me since I was 147
pounds really you were 147 pounds at one
point down I first started boxing I was
147 how old were you 15 okay I met him
probably when I was 16 oh really yeah
you guys have known each other that long
yeah I know his parents yeah Wow and his
and his mom his brothers
yeah queer deep realized that it was
like you know I see him as a big star
now I seen in movies and commercials
rescuing people this is the kid you know
he's grown up he's a little busy ready
to sell a mixtapes in the 90s he was
already world champ and I'd be playing
the mixtape there we go
sell me that mic I just made it he's
like God give you 20 bucks I'm like you
just made a hundred menos can't you give
me a hundred bucks yeah well you know
everybody who's making tapes back then
those days when people are aggressively
trying to sell tapes on the streets I
wasn't even trying to sell it I just
playing it in my car and he's like yo
yeah yeah the new shit going on you know
that was yeah the real shit so I had to
get a get it I didn't I didn't have that
contact to get the music so he had the
music contacts look a lot of people
don't know Russell's a little JIT DJ and
reluctantly gave me mixtapes reluctantly
yes good move um when you know when you
see him wrestling with people on TMZ you
see that shit where the man with the
jewels trying to always twice see what
happened after you didn't throw no
punches go coach get his neck juice if
you watch it you see I went for his arm
to go down and to get his neck yeah and
then the other guy in front of him
pulled him down and I couldn't get the
neck could you tell us what happened I
mean I explained well all I seen was a
guy walking out and you grabbed him no
let me tell you what happens I'm there
looking at a ring right yeah and that
guy sitting down earlier had checked to
see if the door was open he went out to
spit and now he really he thinks the
doors open so now he thinks he's just
gonna get up and walk away with this
ring this is where he makes his little
move and then they locked the doors and
then I'm standing there I'm like what's
going on and I'm like he takes a swing
of my friend's father and then I go nah
no I tried to get his neck and that guy
pulls him you see there's a lot of
opportunities get the neck there so no
but I'm trying he's a big strong fucking
gun to that you got to go over the top
trying but I had three layers on I got a
jacket a sweatshirt and a long sleeve
shirt and that is an issue and then so
then I try to go for the arm but
everybody sees everybody's in my way
so I'm like give me the arm just let me
get the I move dad move dad that's uncle
David and there I got the arm the
backward base now I'm pushing the arm
down and you'll see I locked the wrist
here as soon as I locked the army says
he says okay mmm stops moving right
there goes okay okay okay yeah I got the
wrist you see the little wrist lock is
invincible style that was my friend
senpai shallow there you go
wrist locks are legit he got up again no
no this angle how different I don't know
how far we was gonna make with a ring
you see um see that wall on my cousin is
hiding yeah when he was trying to get
out he whacked his head against that
wall
oh no and and he cut his ear open the
the thief yeah so whatever happened him
got arrested it was this in Toronto no
New York City no shit right in the do it
jewelry district yeah so that's what a
like ill planned out move you know that
they know that people grab things and
run away well there's that and he
apparently Skye had been coming to store
for six months scoping out scoping the
place oh that's all he's cooked it up
poorly that's hilarious
yeah it's a silly do you have to go to
court or anything but I don't know I
haven't heard anything since do you
worry and I just put him in all I was
trying to do was hold him there cuz
right all the doors were locked I'm like
it doesn't make sense again to a scrap
but the guy if I could just put him in a
chokehold or a lock then until the cops
come but the thing is like you could
injure him if you injure him then they
sue you well yeah not really
yeah as ridiculous as it sounds right
work well Russell's not really a law
enforcement officer I could see if you
had what it would've been dangerous
everybody in the store if he was running
wild true yeah so I mean looked he's
lucky didn't crack him yeah you know I
just locked him up and I said all right
as soon as I lock the what because okay
and I go kid good and then he had one
knee one knee down and one leg up hmm
and I kicked that leg out so he would
leave people on both names get rid of
his base yes right I was trying to move
his brain moves the baby I got a
question okay now if the whole thing
happened again how would you do things
different I would have told everybody
get in my way so I can get him in a
choke and
okay would you just put him asleep yeah
yeah it's put him asleep lay him down
yeah lay him down no I'm in and went
back home and obviously feel good about
yourself did you kind of run the whole
thing through your mind a couple of
times like yo this could happen or what
could happen no I started thinking after
if he had a gun or if he had a knife but
I'm like if he had a gun he would have
pulled it out right away
Wow yeah yeah you know he's not here to
surprise you with a gun he's here to
scare you with the gun well there's all
that many dudes on him - good luck
pulling that gun out yeah yeah one of us
would have got shot but they probably my
father's not if you do you probably got
real urgent if you saw them reaching for
something yeah would have changed yeah I
think knees to the head would have
kicked everything everything I know I
what - all the cars different things you
could do like if you want to practice
karate you ever like don't want to do
something different that's why I was
asking about jujitsu you know when
you're a world heavyweight champion
boxer after why like what all this shit
can I learn I kept arm locking earning I
kept tugging I'm putting him in a car
yeah you know great Bruce Lee fan I love
fighting movies and you know martial
arts has always been a part of my life
and I say that because every fight I
fought before I fought that fight I
watched the martial art movie really
yeah like Chuck Norris Bruce Lee that
kind of shit I can't leave them and all
the real shit yeah so you know those
kind of movies
Carter Wong and type stuff in hmm yeah I
like that and that just got me in that
mental state like you know do you watch
MMA today yeah do you would you ever
watch it and go if this was around when
I was fighting would I do this um the
only thing I think about that because
you know like I said I was in the
wrestling in in I did wrestling when I
was younger and boxing as well so I
didn't know they could combine them too
until I got older but you know my focus
was more on boxing but you know if they
get paid a lot of money I probably would
have done it mmm yeah that's how a lot
of people feel I think I think it's like
right now the money is not quite there
it's not quite it's for some people at
Conor McGregor or Ronda Rousey
for the other folks it's not it's not
enough to get a guy like Earl Spence to
jump over yeah you know no and then I
see a lot of I seen some boxers actually
good at boxing actually just win the
fight on boxing cuz they're so good with
their hands yeah and but your stance has
to be different you can I have your lead
leg out in MMA that's the problem you
can't stand the sideways yeah yeah you
gotta you gotta square up you'll get lit
up I don't know I stand sideways even in
the fight because I know that I stick
that leg out there for them to come come
at and obviously you know it's easy to
grab a leg but to me I don't think
fighting should start that way anyway
nobody when you start fighting usually
punches are thrown quick then it lasts a
couple seconds nobody really just goes
through your legs and let's say they say
okay I'm gonna go for his legs and take
him down
nobody named I may kick your leg yeah
they tell you can't walk the kick leg
kicks are brutal you have been leg
kicked yeah yeah it's rough a guy on the
leg one time and it's like I couldn't
move and I'm like thinking if we got in
the fight kick him in the leg and gave
me a dead leg like this I don't know
what I would do so yeah and if it's a
guy like your size like a Rico Verhoeven
like whose glory world heavyweight
kickboxing champion they just keep their
hands up and chew your legs up one or
two shots to your legs and it's a
horrible feeling yeah it's like doesn't
move right it just gives out I write on
the side of your knee oh well you know
what you know you guys look like you've
accepted that I was like I go mad yeah
some kicks me my leggings like yo you
kick me my leg I don't think anybody's
kicking you in your leg in him did you
ever see when Shannon akin tried some
kickboxing no Shannon Briggs fought Tom
Erikson no no no he fucked him up
Shannon got leg kick though and he said
he you know chanted talk see Solaris it
was champ he goes it hurt so bad but I
try to play it off champ
he got hit with one leg kick then he got
a hit with another one but he touched
him with like a jab to the body and Tom
Erikson got a little cocky here it is
right here he he fought when he was in
like this transitionary period and they
offered him a lot of money like right
there he got leg kick by this guy and
the guy Tom Erikson they fought is
really more of a wrestler he kicked him
twice and
Shannon he actually broke it down for us
on the podcast but he said his leg was
hurting so bad and he tried to go the
guy into thinking that he could punch
with him see he got hit again
he's like oh Jesus he's letting him hit
I would knock that guy out yeah but he
you think you would just let him do that
but once you get hit with one of those
things like that it's so crippling to
your leg you don't yeah well you're
right because like I said you know I got
hit there and I was like well it
couldn't move the thing is locked up huh
you put Shannon to sleep in yeah it was
a great fight to Ericsson tried to box
of it for some strange reason he got
into this crazy idea at like right there
boom lipped goodnight yeah and that's it
he's cut the one chill chill chill
kickboxing yes kickboxing was there
wearing gloves when know she loves no
shoes aren't ya aren't you supposed
isn't Shannon Briggs supposed to at
least kick a couple times well you know
if he knew how to but I think he went
into there thinking you know I'll just
crack him with a punch and knock him out
what she did you know he ate a couple of
leg kicks
but it's hilarious when you hear him
break it down he's dead how old do you
know me yeah I'm under hundred under
hundred yeah under hundred but you can't
be any more than like wait 45 47 oh
thank you very much thank you very much
how you all doing that 51 say you're a
great guy you're great you don't want to
say people have internet out there so
they'll just look how old is he
53 yeah you look great thank you you do
right doesn't he he's always looked good
but when you were like you were you're
one of those guys who did the smart you
retired and you've just retired yes you
know which is I respect so much we were
just talking about Marvin Hagler the
other day man when Marvin Hagler retired
he's like good night take care everybody
lost a controversial decision to Sugar
Ray Leonard he said he said okay I'm
gonna go do some movies and that was it
he just never came back it is so rare
that a fighter does that well you know
what Marvin was disheartened like a
motherfucker fourth boxing though he
hated it he was like I'm out yeah yeah
you know boxers go through so much and
it's like one day know when it's time
when a boxer says it's time to quit they
know it's time because
gone through so much and they realized
that it's a lot of hard work for me I've
been boxing since I've been 15 so you
know in training hundreds of hours
training hundreds of hours working out
resting working on technique
sparring all these different things
after a while you know you have to read
you reach that height where you say okay
that's enough and sometimes you know
people managers and trainings and
promoters they don't want to tell the
box with us enough because that's how
much they're making money off of that
box or every time steps in the ring
right so did you have a conversation
with Emanuel Steward about it absolutely
yeah and who made the decision did you
guys make it together
I made the decision he wanted me
actually to go on really yeah because I
wanted to you know Tyson was my main
nemesis and you know he's he's a boxer
that I would I definitely wanted to
fight before I retiring and I didn't
know if it was gonna happen or not
so I actually stuck around for a couple
more years for that fight to happen got
him one throughout history people would
be saying Oh Tyson we don't wanna know
or Lewis were the one I wanted them to
know who growing right and then after
that after the Tyson fight you know
Manny said listen Chris goes around
that's a new generation you can beat the
the guys from this generation and the
guys from the next generation I'm like
yeah that sounds good
so he kind of talked me into doing that
fight because I wasn't really gonna good
do that fight mm-hmm and then you know
that was a year after Tyson and I didn't
really want to box him straightaway I
wanted to bug somebody else because the
main never insists was Tyson and you
know once I once I beat Tyson you know I
could relax a little bit I relaxed for a
year and then getting back into box in a
box Klitschko was my first fight which
was a mistake to the fight 17 17 days
notice and my worse I beat him at his
best
why was it such a short notice fight
because the opponent that I actually
picked to fight didn't fight didn't want
to fight me he actually said no what was
that supposed to be Johnson from oh yeah
Kurt Johnson
Novus can you were doing him a favor I
think
let's go felt that he was doing him a
favor
listen tape let me take the fight I've
been training for two years for this guy
I'm ready and then we'll give you the
first shot after I win that's what was
promised to him Vitali has such a weird
style didn't he yeah he did and that's
that kickboxing style coming to play a
little bit because he would throw a
punch and lean back like this and that's
the first time I've actually seen that
style yeah and you know if I didn't
reach out with my right hand as far as I
did I would never have caught him with
that cut mm-hmm and it was that long
right hand that caught and just at the
end of my punch when he leaned back and
he couldn't lean back anymore that made
his eye cut yeah he was a very strange
fighter in terms of his style just the
way a hands were always down there's a
very weird way of moving very unorthodox
because he was such a big guy who sees
what seven yeah there was he was part of
the biggest guy you fought right yeah
you never fuckin Zyliss did you Michael
Grant was big Gonzalez are boxed in
kneeling okay Luis Gonzalez that was
named right yeah Cuban guy yep they are
look at look how weird the way he fights
is just such an awkward way of moving
him it good with the right hand held I
see me holding around the neck up and up
from Muhammad Ali he said if you Hurley
call a good guy around the neck you can
tell when he's gonna move mmm Wow but he
was he was good in the in the first few
rounds after the first three rounds yeah
well people don't realize about this
fight I wasn't fighting for for 12
rounds I was fighting to knock this guy
out because you had it in your mind yeah
this is the first time you ever see me
going forward in the fight this guy's
bigger than me I'm coming forward and
I'm throwing punches he's catching me
but those were the early rounds although
he's two inches taller than you you look
bigger than him this is a fella simply
physically yeah you're wider you know
when when you look back on your career
like do you have like a most satisfying
victory yeah what is it
awesome rock
say that house gonna say the rematch the
first or the second the second when a
guy when a guy beats you like that and
then you know you could have beaten him
or you should have beaten them is that
what bothered you so much no you know it
really bothered me is the fact that I
gave him an opportunity I gave him a
fight when I'm basically waiting for
Tyson and I have to keep busy I'm
looking down the list of who to fight
he's number seven I realized that he's
durable he's not not one of these guys
that get knocks out easy so I wanted to
give my fans you know a proper fight box
the best guy out there not bucks the
easy guy that's easy to get knocked out
I don't want to go home in two rounds so
and then another reason a lot of people
don't know I went to Africa to fight
because Muhammad Ali went to Africa he
fought in Africa so I wanted to do that
I wanted to be I wanted to fight not for
guys you know I say I'm a world champion
so I need to fight all around the world
so that's what made me go to Africa
the only thing about Africa is I didn't
know that it was such a high altitude up
there and for me to have a fight I
should have got there a lot earlier but
I was doing Ocean's eleven at that time
you say oh you were doing a movie I
wasn't doing no movie I was sitting
around half the time waiting for them to
change the lights then go out and go out
there for two minutes and then go back
and sit there for another two hours well
they changed the light so what are you
training it all well that was happening
yeah I was training but it wasn't like
there it wasn't the conditions of
training you know I needed a bag I
needed sparring partners me up there a
lot students so you just kind of
exercise yes how many thousand feet was
it above sea level higher than big beer
it was Cape Town right so more than six
wow I didn't know that yeah it was kind
of weird because when I start working
out I was like throwing punches then I
found myself going
so had to take two steps back on like oh
no don't tell me this fight it's gonna
be one of those fights we have to take
my time so I basically went out there
taking my time I realized he's dealing
with the same thing I'm dealing with
although he was there a lot earlier but
you know I had a couple of things going
wrong boxing at 4:00 in the morning they
couldn't find a big enough ring then
they when they put the ring together it
was like eighteen by nineteen so and
then the the punch that actually hit me
I actually thought I was gonna block it
but it came around this side I put my
hat I put my hand up to block it but it
came around hit me one of those things
were a man threw a terrific punch which
my chin happened to be in the way of mmm
what is it like when that's over and
you're sitting there and you know you
lost but you know that under the right
circumstances this guy is not at your
level in fact you know my problem was
solved before I got out of the ring I
knew what I did wrong which was the the
greatest thing that ever happened to me
is like on another day he wouldn't throw
a lucky punch like that he wouldn't hit
me and he wouldn't have a ref that you
know was on his side as well how was the
ref on his side um when I say the rest
on his side you know he called it a
little early oh yeah
I got knocked down in the second round
I'm the champion right at least give me
a chance not waive the fight strip right
right you know you've seen you seen the
Deonte like you know if that was the
referee counted him out straightaway
yeah that's what stopped it at the press
conference fuckin 12th round that right
left that Deon he landed the fact that
Tyson got up and then won the remainder
of the round that is crazy
yeah I am so frustrated that fight it's
not happening again man every you know
I'm looking at the heavyweight scene and
I'm looking at obviously Joshua Joshua
from England and you know he had the
opportunity to fight the ante and didn't
take it I'm like if that was me I would
have took that chance because you never
know what happens down the road likes
what's happening yeah
and you know Timmy's being put on the
shelf now he has to box somebody that
nobody really wants him to box is he
fighting next baby a baby my love baby
baby Miller big baby Miller yeah
you know big baby Miller I haven't seen
too much of him I don't know too much
about him but you know he's talks a good
fight I knew you I know anyway waited
over 300 pounds at one time Andy and
yeah and you know now he's got an
opportunity to fight Joshua so he's
taking full advantage of it like he
should but you know I don't see anything
in his history to show me that he can
beat Joshua you move you peek and he can
he can bang now he can bang if you dare
- bang - Joshua's got feet he's gonna
move he's not gonna stay there and bang
he's an excellent boxer yeah he's gonna
be a smart boxer in this fight allegedly
we'll see right I mean never know yeah I
mean this these are one of those things
where I think this is where Anthony's
got to be extra careful because Miller's
gonna train twice as hard and if Joshua
doesn't train like he's fighting Deonte
right he's gonna he may take it for
granted make a mistake and you can do
that I've done that I've done that it's
a journey it's nothing it's nothing that
he's done on purpose it's not it's like
it's a mental thing yeah it's a mental
thing like when you find Marvel vich
yeah that guy wouldn't go home wouldn't
go home I was at that fight gave me a
lot of trouble
Lennox barks this guy run the ring for
12 rounds like literally the guy's head
snapping back and this guy's not going
not really well yeah it was going
nowhere that is that's got to be a weird
feeling too when you know how hard you
punch and you see a guy just eating them
like some people just are built weird
they just can't take a shot no I learned
that coming up I learned that like
you're some guys that are tough to the
head a weak to the body
ah some guys are tough to the body weak
to the head and some guys just made out
of rocks yeah yeah yeah it's almost like
a ignorant bliss they just don't know
they're supposed to feel I don't know I
mean I really think it's a physiological
thing I think some guys can just take a
shot they just they're just built better
sometimes I've been in fights were gone
in the man's hit me on the chin first
couple
minutes and it's like II just glanced
off my chinna it's like I hated a hard a
poncho and it didn't hurt me and I was
like what happened to a punch he was so
hard you hit you on the chin everybody
was saying yo did you see that punch you
never felt a I'm like no and when I look
at tape of it it's like wow I did get it
mmm is it because like are there a bunch
of factors like how much you got hit in
training how well you feel coming into
the fight yeah where you're at in your
career yeah there's a lot of factors
like for instance let me give you a good
weekend factor if you haven't box for
two years and all of a sudden you step
into the ring and it's a title fight and
you box you can the first good hit you
get is gonna concuss you really because
you haven't been getting those hits for
that like two years now this man hit you
were the two years and you're getting
used to it and you've have you felt it
and you've gotten over it you need to
get over that hill is it a mental hell
it is a mental health because even for
me for me when I haven't fought for a
while you know I go out there until I
get hit once I get hit that wakes
everything I was like yo this is not
supposed to go like that you're not
supposed to hit me I'm supposed to hit
you so I guess I go in so the Hasim
Rahman fight after it was over were you
worried that you were gonna get a we're
not gonna get a rematch yes I was very
worried in fact we chased him to three
courts around the world and he didn't
want to fight me and I you know if I was
in his position I wouldn't want to fight
me either because you know I'm coming
back for revenge plus there's a big
money fight out they were Tyson brunch
he so so happened to say after the fight
no more Louis Tyson no more Louis Tyson
and he actually left South Africa
without visiting Mandela like why you go
Africa and I'll visit Mandela mmm I did
he just want to get out of there yeah
that belt
yeah and that's seven million dollars
that he got off of Don King mmm so the
fight got made again because after the
third courtroom the judge says who
signatures this Hasim said it was his
you signed it yes well you got to give
him the rematch this is
you signed it to give him a rematch so
you have to give a rematch so I didn't
want to hear that so I was happy saw the
Rema how long did it take two years two
years and then was all that all those
brawls in the remember the ESPN studio
when him and Rocklin got into a fight
the table and everything yeah the Knicks
was wearing his big Steve Harvey suit
let me tell you was this thief RBC too
because I had this I have a slippery
shoes in the world I didn't come there
to fight right okay that's a lie you
know do press slippery shoes are the
worst if anything goes down you get
those leather shoulder oh my god carpet
you know let's just give up that's what
you gotta learn jujitsu
yeah now when you were in that time
period I don't remember did you have
fights in between yeah how many fights
did you have after Rock oh no it didn't
have no fight no fighting no I'm not
trained for Rahman just waited yeah so
it took you two years two years that
must been so frustrating it was it was
because you never know if you're gonna
get the fight or not or you know these
guys are running from you they signed to
fight a rematch because you know now
they didn't want to sign it I remember
when that right hand landed I remember
that I was watching at home and I threw
my arms up in the air I was like oh shit
yeah yes I went to sleep sleep sleep
hammer let's just check this out man
yeah I mean for a long time coming you
waited for it you know for this this
fight Rahman couldn't catch me because
my speed was different you know in South
Africa was a lot slower now he got kind
of frustrated because he couldn't get
his bone yeah oh man no at the top of
the shoulder tears let him count still
oh that was a phenomenal putt that was
probably one of the most satisfying one
punch knockout so I've ever watched yeah
because I knew what you had gone through
and I knew like everybody knew you were
one of the greatest of all time and to
have you get Kayode like that first of
all it made it endeared people to you in
a way because it showed your
vulnerability but also your character
and your ability to come back which is
not easy man when you get stopped like
that like psychologically it's got to be
fucking with your head let me tell you
the first time I lost
everybody was coming up and shaking my
hand and said well what are you gonna do
now
like me what am I gonna do now yeah well
we need to know we can go back and win
my championship okay you know they
didn't think it was gonna be possible
but I'm thinking Muhammad Ali
gained the championship three times yeah
so I've only lost it once I can do it
again it takes a special person to do it
and I can do it do you do you feel like
there was like two stages of your career
like pre Emanuel Steward didn't post
yeah absolutely there's two sizes of
them to then if you look at in service
like he went from like a like a skinny a
skinny kid to a man like a just giant
fucking man out of nowhere yeah the pre
the pre man used to was obviously you
know me learning how to be a
professional learning to fight pro and
then once I got to Emanuel we just like
yo he said hey you're a great fighter
you know he used to move around a lot
we've gotta bring that back I like it
okay cool so the movement he brought
back he taught me a couple crunk tricks
mm-hmm
you know that check hook and different
things that the cron fighters do which
works well and you know he was easy to
understand and what I liked about him
what he said I can do I could accomplish
he just told me what to do I'll do it
yeah if he said Linden we needs to win
this round I'll win that round mmm yeah
you had that kind of relationship right
yeah he was really one of the great
masters you know there's there's certain
masters when it comes to like boxing
training like when you would hear him
discuss fighters like I really loved
hearing him do commentary as well yeah
because he would discuss fighters and
what they need to do and he was always
just dead-on he just knew things he
understood boxing so comprehensively he
just knew what a fighter needed to do so
I was so excited when he started working
with you because it was like well that's
that's exactly what Lennox needs so was
HBO because you know it's funny I'll do
fights on HBO and they would say how
he's doing this he's not doing this he
needs to do more and needs to throw the
jab more then Emanuel start working for
me it's like always doing the job he's
doing well I was like oh this is what
you need you need a great coach anytime
you go in on TV that the commentators
respect and they'll talk good about the
boxer but if you're not a good trainers
like what do they need to talk about if
they talk a lot of shit in boxing
commentary oh yeah and they let you know
whose side they're on yeah they always
like you know you could tell about how
they're guiding your brain to watch the
fight well they also they talk a little
shit it's more like sports commentary
like mixed martial arts commentary
yeah I don't I don't do that I don't
really talk shit ever I mean like
occasionally if something's egregiously
bad I'll talk about that you know
there's real issues here
yeah but I try to I try to just very new
both of them art I try hard at that
because I wasn't always you know I've
had and I've learned how to do it on the
job nobody really knew how to do there
wasn't a lot of people doing it before I
started doing it what sucks for you cuz
you're friends with all the fighters
yeah it's hard when you watch a friend
of yours fuck up another friend of yours
yeah that's hard what about a friend of
yours that's doing something wrong that
needs to do something right do you tell
him yeah I told probably ah
mostly fun for me I would like to I wish
I was like that I wish I could do that
but you know people want more truth out
of me so I try and bring it across in a
soft way and not make it too harsh I
would bring I would say there's issues
like I see something if I see like a
vulnerability
oh I'll discuss that but if there's
something that someone needs to work on
adieu I'll try to pull my side you know
but most of them know you know just
there you know like MMA fighters I'm
sure a lot like boxers so there's
different kinds of humans and some of
them are just fucking wild and those
wild ones you know a lot of times they
never become champion but they're the
most exciting people to watch like like
Micky Ward like Mickey Ward's fights
with a Toro Gaudi there's some of the
greatest because they were the way they
matched up some of them I would never
want one of my friends to fight like
that two lunatics in one ring but God
man those fights were chaos though
everybody knew that those guys were
never gonna beat Mayweather they're
never gonna beat the best guys but god
damn they were fun to watch yeah yeah
some crazy like generations prior
Arguello almost almost except they went
back and forth
back and forth you know who was it that
uh had an arm injury and still boxed was
it Micky Ward now wasn't it Bernard
Hopkins when he fought Antoine Echols he
might be wrong you mean a black a
permanent like a broken arm someone got
their arm broke in a pool though that
was a it was Antoine Echols it might
have been against Hopkins or was against
somebody but somebody the guy picked him
up and slam dislocated a shoulder but he
and then the ref was like I stopped the
fight like no no no and he knocked the
guy with a left hook ins got slammed and
they stopped the fight then he came back
and won the rematch remember that uh yes
yeah I recall I recalled them guy would
knock it him out in the next round with
his left hand only was that Hopkins it
might have been Hopkins Eccles if you
know I'll tell you what man one of the
hardest fights for me to watch was
Hopkins versus Joe Smith that wasn't
that was knocked out and fell out of the
ropes and landed on his head I was like
man that is just first of all the fact
that there was no padding on the ground
this is God this is Bernard Hopkins it's
one of the greatest of all time and this
is how this is set up you know a nod
they don't use they don't put them in
the ground they need to have something
there like knowing there's an apron know
that little tables they have to put more
people around the ring well anybody's
comes flying out yeah that's how they do
in Japan yeah I can pride they would
have guys like waiting by the side of
the ring to the stop guys from phone on
the ring because they would use rings
which I don't recommend for MMA mmm this
is this pros and cons the the pro is
that the the cage the cage kind of like
you can kind of hold a guy against
contagion you can't really hold a guy
very well against against the ropes here
it is right here see he I mean like you
fell though like right on his head man I
mean I think that's concrete yeah it is
he went through and somebody's you up
the fights over yeah you know you get
disqualified the minute somebody helps
you back into the ring oh really
yeah you have to get up on your own and
get back in on your own
Oh little is interested details since
the slight of ruin to fight for him if
he was okay yeah well if he was okay if
he fell and then someone helps him get
back up yeah
the tech no it's interesting yeah
somebody be Sean Jenna get up but nobody
knows if he's all right or not right
especially when you see him laugh it's
your nature to run and help
well it's also he's 50 or fit in one
yeah I was right yes he 51 yeah he was
not young yeah in that fight when you
see a guy like him like how the fuck
does a guy like that defy the odds and
defy time I mean it's just a skill level
experience experience intelligence and
Hopkins is an intelligent funny he's
like you know you watching fight he's
smart
yeah it doesn't spend one day out of
shape yeah he's clean
yeah doesn't party yeah he to this day I
follows Instagram he's always training
he's always exercising still look slim
still looks good yeah he's got true
focus yeah it's interesting that that he
became that way like in his estimation
because of prison time you know going to
prison turned him into a disciplined man
you know like realizing like like this
is rock-bottom I fucked up I need to I
need to get my life in order and did and
you know imagine the people out there
that commit a crime spend three four
years in jail because some stupid crime
they could spend that time training and
being the world champion yeah that's
something yeah at anything will just
just develop use that time to develop
yourself develop your mind you know I
mean when when Hopkins was they were
already riding him off when he fought
Felix Trinidad remember that everybody
thought Trinidad was gonna run him over
him for the shitty pulled in Puerto Rico
and he had to make that like six or
seven foot jump yeah to the ground and
he was skaters gonna break his legs
larious yeah I forgot about that
that was crazy they chased him out of
the stadium yeah well I'm sure Tito had
so much on his mind in that fight so
much emotions you know and then that was
the mental warfare that Bernard went
brought into that one for sure but then
also he was just
- good yeah he was too good I mean he
was just any was too big he had to hard
like Trinidad really was a lighter
weight fighter than that it was a junior
middleweight yeah
Corona did that same thing almost got
done - mm-hmm
exactly threw it down oh man that was
crazy yeah that was crazy and you know
this was a thing Bernard was like 36 at
the time look at him they're all
swinging at him and shit that's that
jump he had to do he was trying to get
out of there for real if he just turned
they would have stopped returning would
probably oh what am i doing chasing a
tiger chasing tiger and you catch it you
got a real fucking problem
you know did you ever have any thoughts
at all once you'd finally retired like
maybe one more did you ever have any
thoughts like that well you know I told
people like I'll take I take my pajamas
off for a hundred mil serious come with
the baby show me the paper
hmm have to be against AJ maybe no but
when you'd beaten Tyson you'd beat Tyson
that was kinda at the end of his stage
too right yeah I wasn't the same guy
like I I looked at Tyson's history you
know he's coming from the same history
I'm coming from you know and he spent
some time in incarceration while he was
incarceration I'm still out there
fighting and training hard he didn't
have that grab in there so when when he
came out it's like you know he's
training again he's doing what he what
what he knows not what he loves but what
he knows dusk was gonna make him some
money that's gonna put the food on this
table so it's like I look at old-time
fighters and say what made them stay in
boxing so long that's the only thing
they knew right
they didn't they're not gonna be no
singer or dance or whatever they only
know boxing and this is where they get
their money from so they that's what
that's what forces and back into the
ring especially especially olden days
that's where they were called prize
fighters because it they wouldn't make
enough money to to make a living unless
you were like a huge I get Jack Dempsey
or Ray Robinson a Robinson Rob
fought way way way passes yeah again cuz
they were making good money at the time
but not the money that they would have
been making if it was today
well there was not I mean you know you
had to go see it live you know like how
much did ya get paid for the radio
who was it how was it fight on the radio
was it Jack Dempsey gene tiny that was
the first million-dollar gate I think so
one of those arrear so did that fight I
think and that create what is a million
dollars back then Ted sets a lot of
money back then so within the 1920s
right yeah Jack gene tiny injections
gene Tunney yeah um when when Tyson was
in jail he must have been doing
something cuz he came out jacked like he
looked good like he came out looking
different yeah and he ever looked like
six-pack fully built when he fought
Peter McNeeley he was terrifying but
like physically he looked really good
too look you look better than he ever
looked yeah more whipped than ever so
when he went any was a little chubby
yeah well you know what is it a doing
there yes nothing else weights yes oh
fuck dudes how many dudes before it's
enough time you're in there for yeah
that was him when he came out yeah he
was shredded yeah it was it was so much
more muscular so he's probably he
probably couldn't do any sparring I
doubt they had a heavy bag but they
probably had a weight room you know but
you can fight you can fight in prison he
was like 28 29 there it depends on what
prison right yeah yeah no I'm saying
even fight just fight I'll fight people
yeah yeah yeah you know you know
somebody would have tried to start some
shit oh I'm sure I'm sure
not I'm hard even you know yeah I bet I
bet he had to listen to a lot of shitty
things regard it's funny when I seen him
be arrested taken from the courtroom and
they got they must have got the biggest
guy they could ever get to go put
handcuffs on him or something like that
anyway situation that yeah I hope a lot
of people stay away from yeah when he
went away did you feel like damn it
like I'm gonna miss out on that fight
that I want yes straightaway it's like
oh no I'm gonna have to wait and delay
my retirement
oh so you were waiting you were
considering retirement even before he
was incarcerated yeah
Wow interesting Thanks facing the bow
fight bull fight chicken bull
you know you figured that chicken bow so
we get all the chicken you got them
ridiculous but ridiculous bold shaking
bow tried to pick a fight with me the
other day Danny really the other day he
did yeah we're out of fight in LA where
they called all the great ones on Gerry
Cooney me
Foreman Spinks was there and what was he
doing he wanted to stand beside me and
take a picture I'm like dude you can't
stand beside me god damn we're all
understand I'm like dude you're gonna
have to move so Gerry Cooney kind of
helped us out there while saved him cuz
he yeah he had a rough time yeah the
difference between a guy like you who
gets out who speaks perfect and a guy
like him he's he's the the warning you
know that's the warning to the young
fighter you know you see the the older
guy who you know I saw an interview with
him and it was one of the saddest things
I've ever seen it was horrible because I
go back and I think about those fights
with Holyfield those fucking crazy Wars
insane and you know you see he paid that
price man yeah he paid that price and
you can hear it when he's talking now
it's rough its rival is I think the good
news is now we're on the other side of
Fighters coming out that punchy I think
with all the rules and changes that have
been made well it's you won't you won't
meet as many punchy guys as you met from
back in the day like you listen to
Pernell you listen to ridiculous and a
Meldrick Taylor mm-hmm
use a lot of guys now bad now yeah he's
a little and pranaam we got hit that he
was the best
but anymore from you know cocaine makes
you slurry work I don't know man you
know you do enough shit you know what if
he drinks he drinks a lot how's it
drinking I got drunk with poor not once
well they say with older fighters is
what an even older football players is
they become addicted to alcohol because
like they're they're searching for
something to try to like recalibrate
their brain you know I mean there's a
scientific explanation to it that people
talk about people with traumatic brain
injury often become
Hawks it's like they're trying to get
some sort of a dopamine rush could also
you can also use the alcohol as a
justification as to why you're slurring
your speech well I know a dude who's a
MMA fighter who is he skis punchy he's
had a bunch of shots and this
motherfucker will have one drink and you
can't understand a word he saying yeah
it hit so hard so hard it's like it's
it's confusing it's like how would tell
you that drunk and then you realize oh
this is both things it's both things
it's it's the brain damage and alcohol
combined just the wheels come off the
carry it's bad yeah it's awful but you
you you've made it out perfect man you
know for us so far so far yeah years
will tell yeah yeah and worried about
that not really like a I try and keep my
mind active I play a lot of chess yeah
how often you play chess every day
really yeah do you play online yeah I
play online yeah whoever whoever jumps
in the bottle how good are you
yeah they're pretty good as a bully you
he is no I added me
cuz I go to his house he like you want
to play chess I go I don't know just
play I play just beat me anyway let's
get out of here move bring somebody to
play do you study chess not as much as I
should I just play often and you know
when you play often there's you know
people will come out with the same moves
and it's like oh I've seen this movie
you want know what to do right but you
know it depends there's people that use
their pawns to wage war mmm
user Midnight's or the bishops in
combination so it really depends on what
type of player they're I'm a you right
I'm a bully player I like playing yeah
you know what he is the Joe Rogan of
pool to Lennox of check well listen I've
in my defense Lennox challenged me he
wants to play I was to layer just people
don't challenge anybody on their own
table Lennox challenged Joe doe in a
pool before the podcast and Joe fucking
cleared the table before Lennox could
get one shot up yeah
it was good it was that was I'm still
warming up he's got he's got time
deficit that's a crazy game though on
that table because that table that's
four inch pockets that's that's my
practice table you a four inch pocket
wait a minute whoa I have a regular
table at home well not a regular table a
diamond it's got four and a half inch
pockets it's still a little tight
normal pot like if you go to a pool hall
they'll give you a five inch pocket or a
five and a half inch but yeah I got pull
too much this guy fucking buckets I got
the abyss yeah this table you can't miss
and it's it's dirty right now too so
it's it's even it's even like the the
cloth is slow so balls don't drop unless
they go right through this type of cloth
is that blossom glass yes that's the
best one yeah it's the best yeah it's a
great table that's a 1972 pool table
oh really some guy had it in his
basement forever and my friend Donny
sold it to me yeah the guy just had it
sitting in his bait mean it's in perfect
condition it's a basement find yeah man
that's a hard table to get somewhere
well you know somewhere in California I
loved about that table what guess what
what you don't have to walk around and
take the buckets balls out look yeah
yeah that's annoying yeah it's like ball
return they're all there yeah those
those holes when I got those it's
annoying but you probably have like a
decorative pool tape yeah it came with
the house house but you've been invited
many times yeah he's been in my house
when I was with my parents he never kind
of my house as a solo man now when you
play chess
are you like do you get ranked are you
yeah look what it is is your your your
points go up so I'm out 11 on 11 fat
lose seven thousand eleven hundred right
now sorry what is that like
well the rankings are like if you know
if you're up to fourteen you're a master
so you're closing in on being a master
well I wouldn't call me a master yet but
you know obviously if I get that I'm
trying to get as high as poss but if
someone talks shit they're like Linux I
want to please and put little some not
pool some chess you'd be like okay you
because straightaway whatever the most
mentally intensive games it's probably
one reason why you stay so sharp yeah I
would imagine yeah there's a time
restriction ten minutes till you play
that that we hit the slap the clock yeah
well on ten minutes for a move or ten
minutes or the whole game for the whole
game Oh game low on the on the it's a
fast game yeah on the computer once
you've made that move the time goes over
notes resets so that's good now do you
ever go like to Washington Square Park
and play those dudes done really yeah
yeah that's that was that was fun
they talk a lot of shit huh oh yeah
they're good too good
the guy was playing was talking love
shit yeah yeah did you beat him no no
wow why did you have to ask that
question it was just fun playing him
those guys are masters good nothing else
coming up well I mean that's all they
want to do I mean when you get really
good at chess and I'm not really good at
chess but I have friends that are they
explained it like it becomes your whole
life like you start thinking like as
you're walking down the street you're
thinking about chess it just it becomes
a thing where it's just everything it's
all it's so it's such an intense game
yeah I play like at least four games a
day Wow
online damn yeah what's your online name
you said online lives yes I do you don't
use your real name right I'm gonna get
it right now it's oh I made this name
long time ago yeah I'm Washington Square
Park look at that
playing some masters that MC
supernatural those dudes love that game
though man
I mean there's those guys who are there
if you go there they'll be there every
day they fucking live for it you know
it's um it's one of those things I
really admire I really admire people
that get her get really really good at
chess trying to mm intr mm yeah what
does that mean well it was supposed to
be Interpol mm Wow whether it's just
like the name Interpol it sounds
official
when well when people are playing planes
into home
think this is the government on plans
right s CIA so if you're out there and
you're playing enter mm you're playing
Lenox motherfucking Louis yeah I was
gonna put my real name but yeah I don't
want everybody to try and beat the champ
well now the contenders retired right
now let it be known that Lennox Lewis is
one of those dudes who walks where I'm
in no case on his iPhone
- and it's smashed is it smashed if I
tell you what happened what happened I
was doing something then all of a sudden
you know my wife said do this and I went
out of your hand but you have the
biggest hands of any human being I know
and and there's no say there's no phone
that's gonna be big enough those you
carry an iPad well let me tell you I
don't know who makes these iPhones but
they make him to slip out of your hands
put something on that
that's grips why don't you have a case
that's the first thing I did was put a
case on right and then I forgot what I
have to do you have to take it off to
charge it up or something yes the wrong
case do you have it the wrong case who
sold you a case whoever sold your case
is an asshole
I guess doesn't have a thing we could
just stick a hole in it look at another
one JRE case look at these guys yelling
they're all challenging me are they now
yeah boycott this game right now they're
gonna come after you now now that they
find out they can play I like that
they're doing it while we're doing the
podcast live look he's gonna get
obsessed yeah the wheels are spinning
the competitive drive let me tell you my
wife's gives me problems on this he says
you know he's playing chess they women
don't understand you playing chess and
focusing I'm trying to tell her listen
I'm up to this score point
don't interrupt because it affects my
score but I need you now I need to do we
need to do this just five minutes please
five minutes and you know I should be
worried but she's gotten better she's
actually are you playing chess so then
she leaves you long yeah that's good I
think because I got mad a couple of
times
yeah
big bully with his wife usually chess
the people other than Lennox no I can't
play chess I'm good I can't either maybe
you and I play together we should really
learn the game
together something John a video this
game
do you have a bucket disgusting you know
what you could coach the game no this is
the first time I was I was I would ever
see it a chess game turn into checkers
mmm like I said we're fighting how rude
how do you play this game again how rude
all this coming from man doesn't really
know how to play pool Oh fire shots
fired you're right you're right
I play billiards billiards you play
three-cushion billiards you know what
that is one two three and then get in
the hole of the nose the holes is that
the one of the bumpers yeah well the
whole table is that no but I mean
Russians play it it's a big it's real
big in South America it's real big in
Mexico it's real big in parts of Europe
real big in Asia yeah it's a different
game there's two two different color
balls I know like it see the two white
balls on a red ball or two red balls in
a white ball and you got a or sometimes
as a yellow ball red ball in a white
ball and the idea is you make contact
with one ball and then you have to hit
three cushions and then make contact
with the second ball Wow it's very
complicated
and is it good to watch it's well if you
know how to play it it's good to watch
but if you don't know how to play it
it's the thing about what I like about
pools I like when the balls disappear
like you make a ball it goes away goes
in that hole bye bitch now you sink the
ball it's like it's got a finality to it
it feels good but with that it just
clicks it's such as ding ding ding click
but the people love it love it it's a
very intellectual game because it's all
about geometry it's all angles and spin
and you know I'm not good at that either
yeah it's tricky it's a tricky game I'm
not good at it I know it a little bit
what about table tennis I can't play
that yeah hi and coordination oh yeah
I'm sure yeah yeah I one thing I learned
is you can't do too many things it will
fuck you up like I have a real problem
with quake you know what quake is all
right video game
Jamie's been fucking me up lately mmm
quake yeah we played we got a computer
room set up in the back it gets intense
yeah look it's quite what is this quake
what is the answer 3d game where it's a
computer game you have all these weapons
you run around picking up weapons and
you're you're on a map so it's just like
every map is different but you do this
in real life too I don't know why you're
playing there hunting you know that's in
the forest that's different I'm looking
for meat that's a different kind of meat
you hunting for elk mostly elephant ear
yeah yeah you do you cut it up same spot
well you butcher it you you you quarter
it up while it's there so you can carry
it out but you don't really like you
want to protect the meat so you really
want to get it out of the woods first
and cool it off that's what you want to
do what do you do with all the leftover
leftover like what leftover the limbs
and yeah leave them and leave the bones
no you don't know the animals yeah if
you leave the bones behind then nothing
goes to waste in the forest oh yeah I
mean if you shoot an animal in the
forest and leave the bones behind
something's gonna eat it if they'd only
eat they'll eat most of it you know they
they find it Bears will find it the
ecosystem will take care yeah everything
rats
everything they'll do everything we'll
take care of it now how do your children
feel about you doing those bad things to
this island me no way you're a vegan no
I mean yeah yeah then my kids have used
to it because I've been hunting since
they were little so they've eaten bear
and deer and elk they don't cook yeah
all the time
taste here's the question feel good do
you wash your meat don't wash it didn't
like my dick it's funny a lot of people
take it that way it's like you know when
you cooking it was like you takin the
meat from the butchers you don't know
where it's being right what kind of here
eats the chicken or whatever yeah you
rinse it or put some vinegar over in
rinse it like that so that's not mean go
wash it well when you're cooking it
you're cooking the outside and anything
that might be bacteria is gonna get
killed
um the real issue is when you have an
animal that has parasites that's the
issue so what if you're like cooking a
deer you don't have to worry about that
because deers are herbivores
and herbivores don't really have
parasites but you can get they can get
some this some worms that they do get
but most of the time like some pork
isn't know that's what pork definitely
can the pork you get trichinosis that's
pretty serious that's pretty serious
shit
I do enjoy me some pork though you heard
me the devil's beast Linux hmm this is
why I am bridges wine you don't eat the
pork no I used to be a Rasta kendry no
that's right no yeah jerk chicken all
day Lovejoy's a jerk chicken it's hard
as an ox tail out so I find a real good
Jamaican restaurant though No is there
one in LA none that I found I've been
here 13 years and I can't find it no you
know where they have good jerk chicken
swingers you know that that oh the
camera Beverly or something whatever it
is is it Beverly Arthur yeah
I need Octavio your standards are higher
because you're actually Jamaica right
but for me it's tasty I'm off have you
been to Jamaica no you need to go do i
okay I think you would not get there is
very important to go to Jamaica because
everybody always tells you different
stories and stuff but is a paradise over
there is it yeah what do you like most
about it that you can see different
colors you know cuz I spent a long long
time in London and when I left London to
go to Jamaica is like wow all these
different vibrant colors even in the
water and others in the trees you know
when you're driving around London it's
great sorry
yeah you know different cities they're
gray so I like I like contacts with
contact with plants vibrant energy yeah
yeah you know that's the interesting
thing you know a lot of people do forget
that you were from England right and
that there was a stigma with English
boxers for a long time and you you broke
that yeah you were the man because nigma
because that I heard that was the
British boxers are horizontal yes
well they were more vertical they would
stand straight up and they would have
like that European style but it was like
Henry Cooper remember Henry Cooper
dropped Muhammad Ali and then they
cheated records
gloves gloves yeah but I mean he was
sort of one of the last great English
boxers before you came along and then
for a long time there was guys that were
pretty good like Frank Bruno pretty good
but then they would get in there with
guys like Tyson and they would always
wind up losing so everybody had these
like this is our guy this is the one in
Frank Bruno damn that he looked the part
yeah was there ever a man more jacked as
a heavyweight boxing every ounce of fat
on Jesus Christ he was a Goliath he was
carved out of granite oh yeah I mean
nobody who's there's never been a better
built boxer everywhere you'd look at
Frank Bruno you go how does he not kill
everybody is so big let me tell you you
should see Frank Bruno now Howard still
chisel really really phenomenal genetics
must be phenomenal genetics even at the
age who's like 65 Wow Rebecca did we
think Evander same thing oh yeah oh yeah
well Evander you know people forget
started out as cruiserweight he was a
much smaller guy light heavyweight
actually was he in the UFC I mean in a
boxing yeah and then when the Ohno was
no.1 the light heavyweight title from
the white Muhammad calm that was no that
was cruising yeah was a hell of a fight
that was a hell of a fight that was
those like his big fight like to to
prove himself as a professional because
Cowie was tricky five seven 200 pounds
it was weird fighter man well that was
the American Olympic Trials right mm
yeah well no it was a national fight
that was that was for the cruiserweight
title no I hadn't been hit Davis well no
let me tell you he had a lawyer at Frank
Bruno seen with his shirt off is still
caught but you could tell yeah skinny
ass legs the one leg kick he's got a
problem
damn though he does look very good I one
time he had big legs yes go to see Frank
Bruno back when he was in his prime as a
boxer he was gigantic man he was a
sculpted as a boxer ever gets here look
at him he really one has not even a good
picture now it's not one of the best
yeah he was so jacked
yeah Howie was a Kray the Camden buzzsaw
he was such a crazy fighter because he
would pull his shorts up - laughs here
right and he was five
he was super wide and he would fight
with that filly shell and come in real
low you know he was a very typical
Archie before she almost very difficult
God to deal with don't see those thumbs
anymore no no now when you watch boxing
today who really stands out to you you
know all the champions right now they
didn't get to be champions for no reason
yeah and you know each each one of them
have different qualities you know even
well let's look at the heavyweights all
the heavyweights the top three
heavyweights right now they're all over
six feet five yeah and they all have a
different style which is good because
you know reminds me of when me and the
Holyfield and Tyson were around we all
had different styles which makes great
fights hmm
now it's to guess which now is gonna be
which style you never know because
they're all similar you know they're all
about all three of them have knockout
pretension and you know they're boxing
to win so what we want to see we want to
see who would win out of them Deontay
Wilder to me is the most perplexing
because he hits so hard it's it's almost
like he's got magic in his hands he
makes guys fly across the ring and he's
any doesn't hurt nine pound and he does
it
off-balance yeah and he does it with
both legs in the air amazing Olympic
team and want to go a bronze medal a
year and a half into boxing oh yeah yeah
that my problem with the new new
division is that they don't have the
amateur pedigree but maybe these lower
T's is great but our T's is much older
than he says he is is he say he is forty
something like 40 or 41 how old is he
I'm hearing stories at Ortiz like 49 how
do you know um somebody tell me about
from the amateurs I remember seeing him
in the amateurs in the eighties know
like what I always say that about Cubans
though yeah cuz they say that same shit
about Yoel Romero 9 ah he says he's 39
yeah he just fought on the weekend or
two weeks ago yeah couple weeks ago in
one stop it right no it was a decision
was it if it wasn't it I thought it was
a late round stoppage unless he just
fought again he just fought like last
weekend or two we fight like two months
ago - no no he just fought no that was a
stoppage and this fight just happened
also he's it's very he's being very
active yeah yeah he's trying to come
back what do you think about that like
how active you think a boxer
being what really comes down to you know
this is how it goes
if you're starting boxing obviously you
want to have as many fights as possible
to you know seasoning yeah get that
experience level so as much as possible
it's usually for fights a year and then
as you get better it drops to three
fights and then when you're the champion
it drops to two fights so that's that's
the progression of fall of fighting you
can't like for instance how many fights
did Deonte have this year maybe two
great Brian you know before when he was
starting out he would have like three to
four yeah he's very angry that this
rematch is not happening and I side with
him it was a Tyson who pulled out Tyson
got a deal with ESPN yeah yeah well it's
a big deal because you know talking
about chess match
I think that's he's pulled off the
greatest chess match move there is first
he comes over from England he wouldn't
he takes the challenge if with Deonte
Joshua didn't he boxed he had a great
fight now he's putting himself right up
with all three of them were on the same
line to me and then now for the rematch
they wanted people want to see Deonte
and they want to see Tyson Fury again
because the first fight was exciting dad
Joshua who's he fighting you know he's
gonna fight big baby but nobody knows
him where everybody knows Deonte boxing
fans know everybody knows tyson
everybody and especially after that
fight because it was such a spectacular
fight that knocked out oh my god the
first knockdown was great the second
knockdown was preposterous so the fact
that heroes like Lazarus yeah I mean it
was crazy and then won the rest of the
round me gets tagged a few times then
starts boxing and then even tag Deonte I
still had him winning that fight it was
close Oh Tyson I think by around
I think boxing won that night every yeah
both guys looked great and boxed well
and made an exciting fight that the
rematch obviously everybody wants to see
the ring yeah
so when the rematch happened that that
put and from Joshua on the shelf
yeah in my eyes now it's put him on the
shelf a bit longer yeah with this ESPN
deal and you know Tyson Fury is boxing
in front of the public
yeah Anthony Joshua and Deonte their
pay-per-view right well who are they
going to fight pay-per-view nobody wants
to see no silly fight they want yeah you
know it's it's a great move by Tyson
Fury it's a great movie though the first
fight the the fight ended in a draw
right yeah yeah so in the draw Deonte
keeps the title but at least Tyson walks
away like saying look look I won the
decision I feel like I should have won
the decision there's a dispute there's a
debate about it but everybody wants to
see that fight I mean a draw is not
unreasonable but Tyson could lose to
somebody
yeah you know I've been walking around
saying oh I'll fight this oil I won't
fight to make sure it's somebody might
lose this is what happens and now none
of them can fight each other because if
Joshua fights fury and loses to fury
Joshua's star goes down if sure we'll
fights Deonte and beats Deonte the Tyson
Deonte fights not that exciting right
but if Joshua wants real respect he's
got to fight either fury or Deonte right
those are the same fights those are the
big fight obviously gets respect he's a
heavyweight champion the world but split
you know just that's a weird thing to
I'd like to see Joshua Ortiz I've been
interesting fight it would be an
interesting cuz Ortiz can box ya and hit
ya but that was what showed how god damn
powerful Deonte is that Ortiz went in
that fight yeah and then I was I think
it was the 10th round 7 13th
I don't remember but I remember when he
caught him was like even late in the
fight that guy carries no power or
tasers past his prime lets us know down
there Louis yes past his prime is a good
fighter but you know give him give give
him like 10 years yeah and he would have
he would have beat these guys he would
have given him a good good fight mmm but
right now he's you know he's obviously
older and he's an old fighter yeah well
they caught up doing some steroids
a lot of times guys get older they try
to yeah you need it juice up the old
body yeah so you know when you reach
that point where you need steroids
mentally it affects you yeah you go into
the ring and it's like you know you're
missing something something that was
there in the past and it made you feel
good now I don't feel as good Brian when
you were fighting did anybody that you
were fighting did you suspect that they
were on something yeah Oh a couple times
yeah but the good thing is that I know
is I realize they're right steroids can
never get this strong your chin chin
yeah so you can take as much terrorists
as you want but I'm hitting you on the
chin right you can't put muscles on your
face yeah yeah and then you know these
body punches you can't you can't protect
around here so they'll affect you as
well so that's where you you know when
when you hitting when you're hitting
guys around here body punches and hit
him on the chin don't matter doesn't
matter but don't you think that it does
make some stronger physically gives them
more vitality might make them able to
absorb more punishment for a minute for
a minute just for a little bit yeah for
a little bit who'd you suspect was on
something when you follow them I don't
want to say you don't sir
I think Evander was the first guy as far
as I'm concerned was the first guy the
fucking size of that guy in in the late
90s especially when he fought Lennox
have you ever asked him if he's been on
through it no I never actually hung out
with Evander okay I might have met your
victory party he did hang around with
the guys that were like into it mark
whatever his name was his he was the
first kind of like a strength and
conditioning coach and well you know
that Stefan Spinks did when he fought
when you fought Larry Holmes he same guy
Mac ISIL stone yeah Mac ISIL Stone got
him in shape for Larry when he was
coming up from light heavyweight yeah
that's the same guy that Evander used
and they're doing it was really
interesting because at the time the the
conventional wisdom was that boxers
should not lift weights and Evander was
lifting all kinds of weights and he put
on all this muscle but really he was
only about 200 205 pounds when he first
fought for
traps oh yeah Jesus Christ he was built
for me he was built it was perfect body
yeah that's that's not steroids steroids
but not necessarily you you definitely
can get that big without it I mean there
are guys the words alleged yeah alleged
is a good word but it's also possible to
get that big with steroids but it's not
just steroids - its EPO there's a look
at that one up there yeah but this is in
the 1980s and 90s that the good stuff
wasn't available back then wasn't oh
yeah what are you kidding me man those
Russians had everything back fat man I
mean the Eastern Bloc women they made
world records that was when he was a
that was when he was a cruiserweight
look how thin he was yeah but you can't
call them women if they had moustaches
penises fake beards and fat dicks there
are they set records that still to this
day haven't been broken Wow and because
there really were not women I mean there
were women with massive amounts of male
hormones in their body
flo-jo yeah she's I think still sets the
record right now for what whatever it
was and she was also someone that was
accused of doing things yeah I mean look
track-and-field according to Victor
Conte who was the Valco guy I had him on
my podcast he was a guy that got the
clear to Barry Bonds and all those guys
undetected supposedly undetectable
steroids
he said track and field is just dirty
sport mmm just like Tour de France like
just like cycling he's like disappointed
in dirty sport you got car Louis trying
to call out Hussain Bolt now right what
are you showing us Janice at the top 100
meter times all the names crossed out oh
wow steroids goddamn well that's like
when Lance Armstrong won the Tour de
France and they took his title way if
you had to give that title to someone
who didn't test positive for anything
you had to go back to 18th place Wow
dirty sport you know Bill burr said it
best
he's like euros are psycho was better
than you're psycho they're all you were
all dirty there's a dirty sport he was
just better at doing that sport while
being dirty
everybody's dirty then it's fair
what he won while everybody was cheating
and I mean did he have so is it still
cheating if everybody's doing it it is
and it isn't I mean it is definitely
cheating but everybody's cheating
yes weird it's not good see you know
they went off to the wrong thing you
know people were looking for drugs to
help them get stronger when it's natural
food that makes you stronger that's what
you put into your system so you know I
know Jamaican food is great
you know yams the plant ends everything
belief bully beef you know it's better
than that that's steroids that's a way
better oh yeah yeah they work instantly
so much better if you just stay on them
like guys like Lance Armstrong I mean
they proved it we just you you almost
can't do Tour de France the way they
were doing it without some sort of
chemical help and I've heard it argued
by physiologist they say it's actually
better for your body to be on steroids
while you're doing something like the
Tour de France because you give your
body a chance to recover because they're
doing so much work over the course of
this race that without having some sort
of chemical enhancement of your ability
to recover you're just not gonna be able
to do it health off your body can't do
break down you get that rhabdomyolysis
that those CrossFit people get you know
that's when your your body starts
breaking down muscle tissue and it
becomes toxic oh yeah yeah pollutes your
I think that they work out so hard that
people have died of it fighters have
died from rhabdo Milos's well it's it's
from overtraining you you over train you
know you're like something you know
which is a big issue with fighters right
like the some fighters can train too
much and a good trainer knows how to
pull you back and so that you're peaking
when you get into the ring but sometimes
people are so mentally strong they push
themselves through even when they're
exhausted because they think that's the
way to victory hard work what's up Jamie
yeah your piss comes out looking like
coke comes out looking like coca-cola
that's what Rob don't want us it's piss
looks like yeah wow yeah that's that's a
southern iced tea your body's breaking
down your muscle is your your proteins
in your body are breaking down in your
bodies getting poisoned by it people die
a lot of CrossFit
people get it what's your kidneys what
are you doing this situation do you take
a rest a leave of absence or do you go
see the doctor and they can give you
some pills to put more assists things
that you need in your system I think you
have to go to the doctor almost
immediately I think they have to do
pretty much your body go septic on your
yeah it's very dangerous and a lot of
these CrossFit people you know because
it's a competition and you're competing
against all these other people and you
do these massive repetitions and some of
them they're not really conditioned for
it yet so their body's just the muscles
not really acclimated to this kind of
workload the shit starts breaking down
what do you do these days like well
exercise because you still look great
yeah I ran ten miles this morning whoa
yeah man where'd you go huh I mean um
where I went on the road but where'd you
run on the beach okay woke up and took a
shower nice so you should yeah I feel
like I don't know you anymore so you
guys don't even catch the joke I ran 10
miles and I woke up and took a shower
Oh meetings supposed to know that
but listen kissin listen all right it's
a bad smell sit down tell him tell him
you know he used to do this shit to me
begging there I'd be at his house and I
and I was like I'm in his basement ago
it start to rain a goal and I got to go
outside and close my sunroof and he's
like not hold on a second tell you story
I got Len let me go close my fucking
summer was like hold on let me just tell
you story I'm like dude it's raining my
sunroof is open are you gonna pay for my
fucking car to get fixed he's like hold
on you know there's this guy right this
fucking long story and goes he's trying
to get out this window on it and I'm
pulling his leg and I'm pulling his leg
and I go and it goes just the way I'm
pulling your leg right now
I ever do yoga yes you like a guy get
into yoga I actually hurt myself doing
yoga really yeah I'm so much harder than
Alex do I'm flexible like if I stand up
I can put them both my hands on the
ground like that Wow
with my legs straight but somebody told
me oh you know what you got to move your
bum cheeks a little back and that helps
you get down a little more in my okay
and cheeks a little back and hop after a
couple of days it's like you know I'm
walking around thin I hurt myself and it
goes yoga yeah I say yeah I hurt myself
to like I know you can hurt yourself in
yoga you can hurt yourself in yoga yeah
my doctor told me a lot of people come
to him with injuries back injuries from
yoga
what is that mentally saying that you
can do it when your body's saying you
can't or just doing something wrong just
doing something wrong especially if you
do it too hard too quick like Yoga is
like anything else I mean it's exercise
you definitely can hurt yourself do you
do the hot yoga or cold yoga I haven't
tried the hot one I want to buy the new
cold yoga I like hot because I feel yeah
I think it's also torturous I like that
aspect of it and also there's a Harvard
study that's going on right now or
they're trying to find out if there's
the same benefits that you get from the
sauna you get from doing hot yoga when
your body gets really overheated like
that it produces heat shock proteins and
it alleviates a lot of inflammation in
the body
Wow that's why the the sauna is so good
for you because your dry sauna yeah dry
sauna your body get you get in there
your body it's like what the fuck is
this and so it produces these cytokines
these heat shock proteins and it's
fantastic for people just for my hands
don't when I'm in the sauna you should
get one in your house man I got one I
got one
oh nice right yeah just a man dude you
should be in there everyday especially
cuz you're doing jujitsu now hmm you
know after training it's fantastic for
you I feel really tough with Epsom salts
that's good too that's good too I don't
think that works epsom salt niacin it
makes you feel good going to bed yeah
I'm nice to relax I go to sleep you know
aromatherapy a type of thing it smells
good
but it's not that it's there's magnesium
in it no have some salts your body
absorbs magnesium through your through
your skin it's one of the best ways for
your body to get me magnesium is
actually through epsom salts yeah I'm
gonna take
more than yeah I have a float tag do you
ever do a float tank is that the cold
water one no no that's uh it's a tank of
water that's heated to 94 degrees which
is like the surface of your skin and
there's a thousand pounds of Epsom salts
in there and you lay in it and you float
you like like your body half your bodies
above the water and then you close the
door total silence total darkness it
feels like you're flying through space
it's beautiful
you would love it especially being the
super tell me about this one for years I
got one right here
I know anytime you want somebody else's
no no there's first of all it's only me
I'm the only one and I know this is a
massive filtration system it's like this
kind of commercial filtration so I can
just drop in and Mike Jones coming man
just just text me and I'll have Jeff
come by and open it up for you or do it
while we're doing a show yeah when you
do it yeah yeah you gotta be naked hey
don't come after work everything floats
or anything that's in there to be
floating yeah I'll show you the whole
system there's a ozone system that
purifies the water goes through this
commercial filtration system it's heavy
duty stuff man it's pretty in town cause
they've started these flotation tank
centers now yeah they're everywhere
yeah you're talking about this for the
past 10 years more yeah I had one in
2002 I remember you tell me when I went
to your house back in the day yeah doing
that when you were doing this podcast
out of the house yeah I had one in the
basement yeah yeah what about the ice
one oh that's great yeah yeah
cryotherapy mmm yeah there's a place
down the street from here about a couple
miles away 250 degrees below zero I
thought you would have had one of those
too
that's like you have to get like
nitrogen tanks and shit and I worry
about that stuff exploding you know some
shit going wrong and getting maimed you
know yeah so do you uh do you enjoy
doing commentary - yeah I love I love
giving my opinion you know people were
say I've got a unusual opinions they've
never heard that before I never heard it
put that way so you know I can give you
from a firefighters point of view have
been in boxing for so long there's
different experiences that I've gone
through so um
I'm happy to share them but you don't
ever work out boxing wise anymore ya did
but you don't hit hit a bag my son is 15
and I know he wants to box so anytime we
get a chance you know I'm always
training him how big is he now it's six
feet Jesus yeah he's taller than you
Tyson son tyson son is 16 on MacGowan
tyson son was saying that he wants a box
to my Tyson's like listen no Miguel's
not like that but he's also saying
listen you you you grew up soft and you
know he's saying like you don't want to
meet someone like me you know like the
way he was yeah I know you want to meet
some and I'm all like me you know like
when he was fighting like you like he
thinks of what he would have done to his
own son don't do that like he was
talking about on the podcast and his son
Miguel's a really talented kit like
musician wise could play like seven
different instruments in Spanish wow the
kids really he's a really smart nice kid
well Tyson's a smart guy he's not like I
think people mistake tight suburbia
dummy he's very very intelligent
well-read the boxing is in at least some
levels a very very intellectual pursuit
yeah this you have to have a strong mind
to be able to dodge those punches get in
and get yours in that you have to you
have to be able to sort out that problem
is a problem in front of you the problem
is another man who's the same weight as
you the same size as you he's got gloves
on just like you do and he's trying to
do what you're trying to do to him and
you have to do that within seconds yeah
boom yeah punches thrown at you what do
you do what's what's the rebuttal if
people don't understand they think just
because someone doesn't have the best
vocabulary or because they don't have a
comprehensive education that they're not
intelligent that's a big mistake
no person's intelligent I remember going
to the Catskills when I was I won the
World Junior Championships in Santo
Domingo Dominican Republic and I
remember that American team was saying
all war you never fought the best I
didn't fight the best
I thought Americans said the best team
yeah but one guy
it isn't like taking plans and his
managers don't like taking plans either
some like who's that and they told me
was Mike Tyson customer
so me and my trainer we left Canada and
we drove all the way up there and while
we were up there I arranged the erotic
was up there and they said Oh raisin
really came to inspire with us so okay
I'll spar with you I'm here for four
days
so first time Tyson actually met me you
know he was nice guy a really nice guy
took me in his room showed me some old
flicks that I've never seen before of
all time fighters he would tell me about
each fighter like he studied them and
then you know this is where he got his
old stuff is his style of fighting from
and first day in the first day in the
gym Bell went he came across and he was
trying to kill me like you know I did my
Muhammad Ali thing obviously stayed away
from his power but the first day was
really hectic and then the second day
was lactic and it got better as it went
along and the last day is I got actually
the better of him the last day and I
remember customers saying Mike you gonna
meet him someday don't you do that and
not always echoed in my mind that will
we ever fight will we ever fight because
cus D'Amato said that we're gonna fight
well and it did happen and there's
footage of it yeah Wow Lennox has the
footage of it footage of the Train
sparring
how old was Tyson at the time Tyson was
like a 52 no no how old was he at the
time what time fifteen he was he was
younger than me I was long 17
he's about 17 Wow I was 18
no he was younger than that that must
have been nervous 84s before the Empire
State Games and everything okay you were
you went up there before you went to the
84 Olympics yeah yeah well it must've
been crazy though knowing that you know
you you guys were going to be a part of
boxing history knowing that all the way
back then being a teenager and standing
in front and here in custom ATO screamed
that out that was been intense it was
intense
because cus D'Amato wasn't that loud
when he was winning all of a sudden he
became loud and like everybody listened
you know and then you know there's
certain ways that you kill across the
people and some people take the after
out of them did you ever wish that you
fought him in his prime in essence I did
fight him in this prime and you know
when you say Prime I was in my prime too
you know
you were definitely in your prime you
were you were but I feel like his
enthusiasm had waned before then you
know oh you know this is my perception
how I look at that whole thing is Mike
Tyson was an early bloomer I was a late
bloomer hmm so you know when when both
of us meet you know there's never a
perfect time perfect time for us is when
we meet in the middle
right right right and you know right and
if he won maybe people would look at it
differently right it's because you beat
him and beat him so soundly right that
people look at it like maybe he's time
had already been gone yeah Lennox turned
pro after Mike had already had to defeat
Wow no planks turned pro in 89 Wow I
never even thought of that and Mike lost
in January yeah this is all something
look at you like a Kevin Rooney wow that
is crazy man god that's crazy built back
then - you have a big neck yeah he well
he was always doing those neck bridges
but he also just had freak genetics I
mean just a phenomenal genetic specimen
you know I had Teddy Atlas in here and
Teddy house used to take Mike to the
smokers when he was 13 and Teddy was
joking around about I said everybody
always lied about how old people were
they would tell you the kid was 16 and
really it was 20 they always did that
and he said he goes so how old's his kid
he was 13 he goes what does he weigh he
goes 190 pounds what the fuck Teddy come
on he's like I'm telling ya he's he's
fucking 13 what do you want
you know nobody would believe it cuz he
was such a specimen I watched that one
Teddy was great do you think he should
have stayed with Teddy should stay with
Kevin and Teddy well he definitely was
you know he was so wild like how how
could you tell him what to do back then
that was part of the problem I mean he
was never no one ever prepared him and
is one of the things that we discussed
on the podcast was that he was a 12 year
old 13 year old boy and he was getting
hypnotized he had came from a terrible
background it was there was no love he
was abandoned
and all of a sudden he's getting love
and attention for something and this one
thing was this man who was telling him
you're gonna be a great fighter you're
gonna be a world champion and he would
hypnotize me saying you don't exist the
task exists you know you're gonna work
the body and destroy this man and he
would tell he would put these thoughts
in his head and my couldn't wait to just
get out there and fuck people up cuz
that's where he got the love that's
where he got the attention from but he
never turned never told him how to shut
it off he never I mean he didn't have
time to work with him cuz he was on his
way out he's dying
when he met Mike and so he only taught
him how to destroy he never taught him
how to cope he never taught him how to
understand that there's gonna be a lot
of shit coming your way and you got to
know what that is and don't get caught
up in that hype train don't just don't
get wrapped up in Hollywood and you know
he wound up marrying Robin Givens and
you know and I think cus foresaw all
that other bullshit no how could you
know if course was around Mike would be
totally different he would have been a
different man if you've cost lasted
another 15 years
even if Jimmy Jacobs had lasted another
five years maybe yeah I mean it would
have helped but I mean it's like once
you're once removed from cus it's like
Kevin Rooney was once removed from
costume right and then Teddy Atlas was
way more of a hardliner
you know Teddy Atlas you couldn't put
any bullshit with you know and like
those other guys who just gotta go you
know then he got to aaron snowell and
all those guys Richie Giachetti they
just they just didn't they didn't they
could have never brought Mike to the
dance right they got there when he was
already at the dance and they're just
trying to like maintain things and he's
not listening to anybody
he's they also weren't boxing people as
far as I was concerned when he was up
with cus he was he was in a good
situation you know there was a lady in
the house cooking meals mmm
they had cause cos there being a father
figure talk to him every day and that's
what young kids need they need that you
know to be spoken with by all the people
yeah and you know a lot of young people
nowadays are not even respecting the
older people but they can gain a lot of
information from our older person you
know how do you deal with this situation
yeah well you know you hear from an
older person it kind of makes your mind
thinking's and you know you're right it
works for them so anytime I get a chance
to talk to kids about you know their
life and we're there
always take that opportunity well you're
such a great example of a guy who has
done incredible things but you've come
out on the other end with with wisdom
and lessons and honesty and you can talk
about things and people will listen to
you in a way that you know a lot of kids
don't want listen to someone ain't done
shit right you need to talk to some guys
just some boring dude you want to give
you advice like hey fuckface
bitch but when you're Lennox Lewis you
talk together go oh okay mister you know
chess master World Heavyweight Champion
what school you got in Jamaica now you
got a boxing school there now yeah
Lennox Lewis League of Champions yeah
it's for young kids that you know
learning how to box
teach we teach him on the box we teach
them life skills as well because what we
realized that you know a lot of the kids
just want to talk you know there's
nobody around them to talk nobody
listens to them yeah and when they hear
other kids stories they feel a lot
better it's like yo you know I was going
through that and I liked how he dealt
with it you know it's like it yes this
is what what's missing nowadays yes the
relationship with kids you know talking
to them you know just ask them out there
yeah some what they're doing what do
they want to be right right right yeah
and then have some place where they can
go yeah and then have something that
gives them a sense of value you know and
that's what a lot of sports does do to
children it gives you you know you you
realize if you work hard and you try
something and you study it and you get
better at it
you feel good like you accomplished it
you got through whatever the sport is a
lot of a lot of the kids that come
boxing I've never tried it before but
once they try it it's like wow they
learn new things about themselves even
the training of boxing yeah you know the
fact that us run a mile Datta
never ran in their life now they've run
half a mile didn't make the mile but the
next that next day they want to try them
out and then you just it shows them that
if you keep working at something you'll
accomplish it you know don't give up
don't all of a sudden you tried it in
this icon ah it's not for me keep trying
it you don't know it's not for you until
you keep trying it and then realize it's
not for your all for you what are you
gonna do if your son wants a fight let
them
yeah I think your perspective would be
very different than Mike's yeah I'm from
for me you know I'm not forcing my son
to box but if he wants to try it let him
try his father used to box so why not
why not try something his father did
maybe he has the gene for it yeah you
know right now my son's play the plays
basketball he wants to be an actor
he loves boxing it can do anything he
wants you know all my kids are talented
and I see the drive in them that I have
and their mother has so I know that
they're gonna be successful
you know they've they're they're
basically I'm trying to help them to
become successful in the future and
given the tools to become successful in
the future as well good for you man what
a lucky young man yeah I mean you know
and young women too yeah well but a
great situation that'd be your son you
know I mean and your daughters as well
but for sure but I mean to be your son
if you really do have a desire to box
would you start training you know
talking to George Foreman the other day
and he's dot one of his daughters were
fighting mom was in her name George yes
or some crazy shit he's got like eight
George's in his house yeah I said and
I'm watching or finals but they know by
the tone apparently which one it is
inflection on the jury I'm watching her
fight and I'm like George you need to
tell her some stuff I know there's some
good things you can tell her or even get
her a proper coach or you know help her
I don't want to fight
Wow so will you have to say yeah but if
you don't want her to fight and she's
fighting you're not gonna help her she's
gonna get hurt as well I think she
stopped already anyway my approach to
raising kids is I don't I don't have any
input under what they do I don't I don't
know what I would never tell my kid I
don't want you to do that cuz it's not
my life it's their life I give them
guidance if I can I'll talk to them
about what they're doing if I can but
they also have to go out and do it
themselves and I really firmly believe
in that like you got to go do it
yourself but if you want to do it that's
your thing
try to convince my daughter to want to
do digits really I said sweetheart I'll
get you a pinkie if you might my kids
were doing martial arts for a while my
middle daughter was doing jujitsu and my
youngest daughter was doing MMA but she
got bored with it after a while which
was cool too you know ten and eight you
know who knows maybe they'll come back
to it but yeah you know I kind of
whispered to my son right now you need
to do some wrestling mmm
then get him in jujitsu Tonya thank you
fight MMA um you know I don't know what
the future holds he may fight MMA you
know he's kind of doesn't if he's gonna
fight he shitbox what just because the
money factor yeah I mean honestly I mean
but if you're a heavyweight you know if
you're a heavyweight and never gonna be
a lot of money yeah we sure certainly
will basics like if you mat Lennox's
brother heard it Lennox's bones but a
heavy was like a child but holding a
fish have a pretty big fist but yours
are gigantic yeah you know a huge huge
human being you know you kids gonna be a
heavyweight oh he's gonna be heavy he's
already a half his man he's six foot and
he weighs size 15 shoes he doesn't need
to fight you just keep a pair of shoes
by the front so he's gonna outgrow me
that's like a puppy yeah yeah yeah he's
always gonna be enormous great day
why do kids outgrow their parents I
don't know I think it's food I think
they get better food than us
yeah I think you know you think about
like how much protein children have now
if you ever go back and look at like how
big men were during like the Civil War
period time like a hundred pounds yeah
there were tiny little people cuz nobody
had good food like everybody was like
barely surviving everyone scraped him I
was bread and water times yeah it's the
people that made it across the West you
ever see photos of those folks those
skinny rickety looking people just
tougher than we could ever be oh my god
there were little wolves oh yeah they're
up in the early in the morning working
they had to survive yeah it's just but
now today kids are getting you know
massive amounts of protein and they get
vitamins and vegetables and you know
drinking all this milk and foods got
shit and yeah oh yeah there's that too
there's that too but I just think it's
just an abundance of nutrition I mean
when people were smaller
a lot of it was because of malnutrition
like look at asian folks like a lot of
Japanese folks used to be much smaller
now they're pretty fucking big you're
getting some really big Japanese
fighters like their larger guys are cute
they're eating better you know what I
wanted to ask you please conspiracy
theories mmm I know you have some yeah I
got something I was listening to you but
was something about Martians the other
day I was Jones Alex and Eddie
oh my god I saw an amazing NASA shirt I
was gonna buy for Hedy the other day
yeah Alex Warren Asus I watch Eddie yeah
yeah Eddie believe shit that even Alex
thinks is ridiculous like what goods
conspiracy theories do you want to know
about no I'm like let me hear some well
I believe less and less than I ever used
to population control do you believe
that no I don't believe that I don't
believe there's any concerted effort
like where there's a bunch of really
rich people that have decided to
euthanize a bunch of people to keep the
population low I think that is that's
paranoid I think that there's probably
some people to go you know what we would
be a lot healthy if there was less
people but there's no there's no obvious
effort the population keeps fucking
growing imagine if you were the
all-powerful all-knowing people that are
running the world and you're doing such
a shitty job of population control yeah
I don't know how you're gonna control
India and China you're not you're not
here neither you're not getting these
fucking dirty villages and trying to
stop it you're not doing it anywhere any
even in this country people are fuckin
like wild animals do it now coming next
month yeah I got three kids yeah it's
just the way it is Matt people like to
fuck you like to make me more in China
you only loved one kid no I think they
leave it
they left it lifted that because a lot
of people were drowning their daughters
there was horrible shit yeah we're
killing the minutes that this is the
rumor was that people were they wanted a
son if they had a daughter they would
yeah yeah daughter was like the law the
lose for you yeah and to me a daughter's
a win because there's so much easier to
deal with really I find with my daughter
and we're we're like this yeah you know
what man I mean just be happy I got I
got I'm a boy coming next you gotta have
the yin and the yang a little Joseph
Lennox Lewis Peters coming next month
I'm Josefa Lennox Rogan Peters he's
gonna be amazing I'm so happy that he
gave you my name
yeah that's beautiful Keith at first I
was gonna give your middle name but I
didn't want to do that to him so what's
your middle name
whoa yes my middle name is Claudius
Claudius sounds like a Roman Emperor
beautiful hey man I know you you're
supposed to get out of here two o'clock
do you have a heart out no no you can
stay yeah absolutely
it's beautiful let's keep talking yeah
yeah so back to your question I don't
yeah I think there's definitely some
people that are influencing the way the
world works for sure but I don't think
there's anybody that's really trying to
control population what about this one
okay do you think the Russians put
Donald Trump in the president's chair I
think the Russians absolutely wanted
Donald Trump to win absolutely and I
think they definitely undermined our
democracy through various methods of
manipulating people through social media
in fact I have a woman coming on very
soon when is Renee to rest oh this week
next week she's on next week and she
actually studied it and wrote this very
comprehensive report about it was on Sam
Harris's podcast and detailed millions
of interactions with Russian BOTS and
Russian fake accounts and that these
troll farms that would create memes and
they did a bunch of different things
they didn't just try to pump Trump up
but they also tried to get people
against each other and and cause all
sorts of civil arguments and all sorts
of unrest yeah all sorts of unrest
online they organized these meetings
like they were gonna have one Pro Texas
meeting across the street from a pro
Muslim meeting I did it on par through
Facebook to get these people to fight
with each other they're doing these
things to try to get people to take
sides and to get people to be angry at
the other side they did a lot of shit
like that real sneaky sneaky stuff that
we probably do in foreign countries all
the time and you know we're mad that
they're doing it to us because now
they're doing it through social if you
think about when we were growing up in
the 80s 70s and 80s all the imagery we
saw of the USSR was very dark and
and it was very no yeah Aaron and it was
destitute well some of it was true
though yeah all we saw and then all of a
sudden that lifts and these hot fucking
Russian chicks show up so true you never
saw the hot Russian laughter some of the
hottest women on the plan they used to
show us these big manly women we'll do
you want and now you're like we were
hiding yeah
yeah I have two friends that are married
to Russian ladies they're very happy
another question because because you're
American everything I'm not American so
is this wall ever gonna get built or is
it what's the situation
I don't I think it was more of a
campaign rhetoric thing you know build
that wall build that was kind of thing
with it I mean I think he wants
supporters yeah I think he's got to kind
of do something right once you say that
you're gonna build a wall you got to
kind of do something but they ain't shit
been built
yeah we're two years into the president
they haven't built shit well is he your
left and if we're and a half left and
the president is some wall there's some
wall that's up but there's also some
big-ass gaps and the idea that they're
gonna stop drugs from coming over from
that walls right now the wall looks like
Leon Spinks his mouth I remember my
parents were hippies right but when
Muhammad Ali lost to Leon Spinks and
then there was a rematch we watched it
on television
everybody everybody wanted Ali to win
people forget that Ali wasn't just a
great boxer in the heavyweight champ of
the world he represented people that
were against the war yeah he represented
people that were against all of the the
all of the discrimination and all the
racism the people had experience in the
50s in the 60s he was a different thing
he was he represented the the hope of
this new generation that this athlete
would take a stand and he said no no
Vietcong ever did anything to me mmm-hmm
not going over there and fighting
anybody and they took away his ability
to earn a living for three fucking years
primaries and he was a hero a real soci
he could have given in he could have
given in he got I got a cushy job like
Elvis or some shit
you know and they would have had him go
over there and you know I'm just just to
make it look like he was doing something
mmm he's like no no fucking chance you
know he stood up for it my parents who
were hippies wanted wanted him to win I
mean my my mom didn't give a fuck about
boxing but when I was what he stood for
him I was a little kid I never watched
this on TV thinking this is crazy
my parents want to watch a boxing match
because what he stands for mm-hmm my dad
felt that way about Joe Louis Robinson
well when Joe Lewis beat Max Schmeling
oh yes very similar thing he was beating
Max Schmeling for the world like it
wasn't I mean I feel terrible for Max
Schmeling because I mean he was probably
just caught up in all that shit but max
even said he wasn't part of it he was
just he was just a pawn in the game yeah
I'm sure
yeah I'm sure pulling about Jack Johnson
that's my favorite that's the craziest I
mean other than Lennox Lewis John
Johnson my favorite that's the craziest
of all stories right he was in crime us
have experienced in the shit he said
back then yeah he would slick talk you
bad my favorite one there's a meme a
photo of him in his car I don't even
know if the story's true about the
favorability yeah you got pulled over
going 50 he had to give the guy $50 that
was the fee gave the guy hundred because
what's this for here's somebody coming
back later that night yeah same speed
then there's the story of him getting in
a taxi and getting the backseat of taxi
and the guy goes I don't drive
Niger's and and he and he reached over
pulled the guy into the backseat
got in front drove himself we had the
gut to and that guy's like where's my
fare because I drove myself and he got
out I wonder if that's true you know he
could roll in his book you know he
wrestled this video of Jack Johnson
wrestling giving a 13 inch wrist so
here's a gigantic human being for the
time but I think he was only six too you
know
yeah buddy was they called him the
Galveston giant yeah and people are GQ
magazine rated him as best-dressed
athlete of the century in 2000 it's
wrong century well I know the 2010
hundreds all right get it oh yeah Oh in
2008 did it yeah the whole back track
yeah well you know I mean I don't think
any of us could even imagine what it
must been like when he won the title and
the kind of hate that he got all the
people that wanted him to be killed the
shit he did it was so gangster oh yeah
he would hit you see your knees buckle
and hold you up and say he would say
think so guys not yet sir
not not yet you're gonna have a longer
night than this torture these guys you
know this guy knows boxing did you ever
see his fight with Stanley Ketchel
yeah yeah the Boilermaker yeah Stanley
Ketchel dropped him yeah it was just to
be it was supposed to be a exhibition an
exhibition Mountain Stanley Ketchel was
a middle way yeah yeah oh yeah okay and
then his teeth got stuck in his gloves I
smashed him Wow yeah he had a
fascinating style though when they had
those little gloves yeah well you guys
don't realize I was gonna say the little
gloves horsehair yeah different world
yeah close work your fuckin hands real
easy to and what they made yeah it hurt
well it's like in my meat gloves
yeah and I made Fighters find out the
hard way like you can't just you can
open up with boxing and not even worry
as much about what you're hitting you
cannot do that if you're fighting bare
knuckle listen have you seen that
bare-knuckle boxing I should say what is
there knuckle resurgence I think these
guys are tough yeah she's got Pro boxers
going in it now yeah who went in it
somebody a decent name was in it
recently well a lot of UFC fighters yeah
nobody's are over yeah they've gone it's
like a rugby or football you know rugby
guys a tougher than the football players
coming a percent yeah yeah the Italian
guys in it I saw him doing the
bare-knuckle thing Italian guy Italy no
no no an Italian American hmm Oh Phil
Baroni yeah Phil Baroni wasn't uncle
yeah he did one yeah yeah quite a few
MMA fighters Melvin Guillard did some
yeah it's you know but it's sort of a
last resort kind of thing trying to pick
up a paycheck you know Chris Lytle did
it you know it's just a hard way to make
a living some what about one AFC's kind
of not gonna deserve
he's saying the time mm-hmm tell this
motherfucker sit down it's your boy oh
my god yeah he's not gonna do Eddie
yeah the Mexican yeah now he's good fire
him he's trying to get into the other
guys talking to him
so Lennox's fella is talking to your
fella my assistant my assistant knows
better
well people get silly it's like a good
meal you know once you enjoying this
meal you just wanna finish you know what
do they have you doing after this uh
just more into these they've got me busy
long-ass interview so what do you
promote it promoting the fights which
fights we haven't talked about any of
them yeah the beating content talking
about chess and get the fuck out of here
you get the fuck out of here
tell your boys yeah I'm good I'm good at
he don't worry mummy I've already told
them I don't have to be somewhere to
4:30 that's I'm gonna put some 2-way
glass there we could see out and they
can't see in that's a good idea yeah a
silly boy I interrupt Betty Jesus said
Shawn Porter this weekend who's he
fighting you guess from Cuba or they
said you gasps oh my god no who should
be a good fight and this is on this is
on Fox PPC oh nice yeah yeah Porter's a
champ right now right um he won the
title from Thurman didn't he yeah and or
did he won it from Danny Garcia Danny
cuz ya know don't you watch boxing yeah
tell me I'll tell you anything about the
heavyweights are you doing commentary so
you're doing commentary in this yeah for
Fox yes nice it should be a good fight I
should be very good fight yeah yeah
there so there it is right there now you
grew his hair out every every time
Sean pores that Murph opens Lennox every
time Shawn Porter fights is always a
the serious bra you know this guy
reminds me of the old time fighters here
the way out of this guy fights you know
it gives you a lot of pressure he's on
you somebody he now tries to either he
doesn't he doesn't mind taking the shots
a punchy so he mixes it up yes
that's this Saturday night yes nice yeah
there's a lot of great fights coming out
the Mikey Garcia Earl Spencer jr. excite
that's a that's a very good fight makes
me nervous stuff it makes me nervous a
great fight nobody wants to see it's a
great fight but as i'ma like Mikey
Garcia but it to me it's like I like
both of those guys I like them both I I
think I think Mikey's plus in this fight
is that Spence hasn't had pressure like
this and Mikey doesn't tank out on
anybody
mm-hmm he's not gas out and he's not
afraid to mix it up with you what about
the size difference that's what I'm
worried about it's the size difference
the weight difference I mean he had one
more fight before he fought Spence but
no he's they know what they're doing
he's Reddy's whole family's coming at he
walks in specialist you know and I've
trained with his brother before with
with Robert have you really are smart
yeah really yeah no shit
yeah look at you right Jim so a jujitsu
with John Jacques Machado your boxing
Robert Garcia and lo mishchenko was
there training okay I want Sam yes
Edie's up there right now working with
that a light heavyweight Russian
character oh the music yeah yeah yeah
yeah music yeah yeah I trained with I
trained over at goossens gym over the
Christmas holiday how did you relay
boxed in two years oh my god I suck
fucking answer I'm like at fuck this
sport so your your hands my hands were
hurting after like did you wrap them I
wrapped them
I'm I wrapped into tight you got soft
hands don't make me square up kid took
it it's been two years look like huh and
I do this I've gotta do it slow yeah you
know what it was because he knew I used
to train back in the day so I was like I
wanted to look good and I'm like huh
okay let me help you you know what you
do see this is where the martial arts
comes in but get this thing of sand ah
and you just start punching it
then to toughen you up a bit toughen you
up with something you know I'm son when
I said my hands heard I meant like the
joints my joints were hurting well you
know what people do you ever see rice
bags they stick their hand at rice bags
they do a lot of this I had rice bags
that apparently is very good for your
hands I did that by my mom got mad I was
fucking up her rice so what did you do
about it
I went home and just so if you just get
back to doing it a little come back yeah
I know I figured that much but I'm like
bring a tennis ball everywhere I'm just
like I'm gonna stick with jiu-jitsu it
doesn't hurt as much did you gesture
doesn't hurt your hands no my thigh
where those little Luda gear guards what
Lou tech gear have you seen them they
got these little finger guards that they
actually help what are they
strengthens they make a two finger and a
three finger I with no idea what the
where the three finger it's just like a
little like a little cut off glove for
your fingers really hold them together
it's ninja thing it's nice does it give
you more traction to Sara Lee but it
just it keeps your fingers together
piece from separating see if I can pop
your finger out that's probably good if
your guitarist or some shit probably my
mom uses some too for a threat oh look
at that that's it that's the two finger
joint why I use the three
I've never even fuck with those yeah I'm
old school bro I just take my shit up
yeah but you're also fucking gorilla
strong it's weird
was it weird cuz it's like playing with
a fucking silverback gorilla
even I watched your own with John Jack
that there's like you go you wanna roll
I go no I don't I'll do it now but van
I'm like no but I've been doing a long
time man I started you two in 96
we're rolling tomorrow right yeah come
on call him now we're gonna probably
roll around 8:30 in the morning if
that's cool with you yeah that works
yeah we could do that
what's different about jiu-jitsu and
wrestling what's the what's the
difference depending upon whether or not
you use the gay the gays a big factor
because you could grab ahold of that and
it's all it makes you more defensive
minded because you can get caught in
things get caught in submissions easier
submissions are the big thing obviously
but I do a lot of noogie
I have a black belt noogie jujitsu
engage it is who I put actually prefer
noogie that's I don't wanna do tomorrow
we do whatever we do ghee I don't care I
just don't use it I just don't use the
key you know I I let people grab mine
but I try to use arm bars and chokes and
things that I would do noogie that's how
I trained from ghee to noogie so that I
could do both I just decided I'm just
gonna train in a ghee like I don't have
one on like let people growl be I'll be
I'll recognize that I have it on so
people can grab me but I don't grab
theirs I just use over hooks and under
hooks and okay so I was trying to make a
joke out of noogie Oh somebody having
the key Joe segi Lord it is definitely a
slower game like older dudes in
particular they seem to like the geek as
they can kind of control you and it's
good for you and it could also be used
against you which is bad well it's if
you have a winter coat on man like I
always said that the worst thing to do
is get in a fight with a judo black belt
when you got a winter coat on oh yeah
it's great or even a suit sweater like
shit's good yeah yeah we're looking at
you it's all gravy yeah you uh you got
your blue belt now right yeah when you
uh when you think you get a purple belt
you're on your way right I got to get
some stripes I talked to JJ butter to go
dude I'm trying to train more so I can
get a strike good yeah you do for a
stripe I go well come on I got a fucking
train more so I can get this Drive I
don't want the stripe I want to earn the
stripe are you doing things other than
your jujitsu training in terms of like
physical training
maybe a little dumbbells and and yoga
ball it's about yeah that's it yeah she
get a trainer did someone like it'll
it'll make a big difference it's like
think about your your body is like a
race car right if you could just lift
weights and your race car would go
faster wouldn't you do that like if
there was a thing you could do you know
Dumbo's but dumbbells but my elbow
firkin hurts lately so like this is the
thing I was talking about he do a tennis
elbow right I I was having a problem
with my elbow you you hold it like that
like you twist it like this and then you
untwist it with your arm so you hold it
like this twist and then untwist it you
do it slowly and it works on these
tendons the same tendons that you get
but it's just so shitty how I got it
fucking sleeping
could we have him try that right now
let's see huh damn it's a lot everything
it looks so you twist it and then
untwist it yeah like like twist it like
that right and then level it out and
then slowly untwist it that's good yeah
just gonna be over and over and over
again a little bit that's it's far more
dense than it looks
yeah it's great for your tendons it
specifically works this part of your arm
like down in here now you just look at
your Jirga novel in that's good too you
know what else is good a roller you know
when you have one of those phones no
accord with like a weight at the bottom
of it and you got to roll it with your
boy I used to do them box it was in the
day those are great people just fuse to
fabricate them in the gym yeah like a
stick yeah those are great
yeah I haven't one of those out there
too it's just that's that's one of the
best entries forums right yeah for your
forearms and gripping just have that
kind of strength good you would be
awesome at jujitsu I guarantee you
because you're a chess player and she
just is very cerebral you know it's very
it's like it's it's boxing obviously is
very cerebral too but they're you
limited in your weapons you'd only have
a certain amount of angles you could
punch from where it's jujitsu there's an
endless combination you get some time to
think some to in certain positions yeah
I'm a teacher that did okay that Kido
yeah yeah we're slot hmm that's what he
did does that do the jewelry shop I have
to have Aikido jujitsu he gave me he did
something to me and I realize okay I
gotta watch out for that it's where you
know a person manipulates your bone and
then drops their whole weight on oh yeah
yeah that shit could break your hand
yeah if you don't go with it you break
your hand threads and frets and push out
as I shit to people
yeah marcelo garcia is tap people out
like high-level people with wrist locks
and jiu-jitsu tournaments yeah
jean-jacques was showing me like how to
wrist like a guy while you're dumb like
him it's like it's not nice don't do it
to people but you can do this if you
yeah there's some nasty shit the things
like there's no end to jiu-jitsu there's
no end and there and yeah yeah there's
no like these are all the moves and
that's it the people keep inventing
moves constantly I just found out a new
move yesterday one rubber guard
assassins on Instagram right they've
figured out some
crazy Kimora you do from a close guard
that leads to a triangle Mike what tough
like you somebody has to let you do a
lot of those things to some of them yeah
but sometimes people don't know what
you're doing they don't even know you're
letting my mom was concerned about
rubber guard with your knees like
fucking up your knee joints cuz you got
to be very flexible to get that rubber
guard in yeah just stretch yeah yeah get
yourself rubber guard I don't know what
that is it's where you put somebody in
between your legs hey when you described
it sounds so gay you put it put somebody
between your legs and then you pull your
leg over their head but their head has
to pop through so you now you're
controlling them you can hold their head
this way it's a lot of fucking
rubberiness yes it was invented by my
friend Eddie Bravo but there was some
guys who would play high guard before
that he just put it into a more theory
of this era it's a good example of it
that's what it looks like so he's
pulling down using his his leg and his
arms to control a guy and wraps him up
and while he's down yeah well yeah so
he's on the pocket it looks like a
Gracie move it is as well to jujitsu
moves that's a problem of all jujitsu
essentially Eddie right there yeah there
is Eddie and Joe came up under my
teacher and then Eddie took it to
another level from there well Eddie just
branched out and you know went into
noogie he's much more conspicuous back
bailed McGee as well much more concerned
with noogie techniques because he wanted
techniques that would work in mixed
martial arts so it makes martial arts
you don't have the collars to grab the
sleeves to grab so he wanted to invent a
system that you could use especially
your when you have the ability to fight
off your back
it's very when you fight that's Ben
Saunders who's like one of the best at
it in MMA and if you get wrapped up
you're on top of a do and he wraps you
up with his legs like that it's very
it's very demoralizing yeah you get so
trap yeah human nature tells you when
you're on your back and this guy on top
you you're in trouble but in jujitsu
you're like that's fine I got this if
you got a good guard like John Jacques
oh yeah yeah I'm even interested in that
what do you live these days I live in
Canada you see
in Toronto yeah yeah I was in Jamaica
for a minute yeah you living in Jamaica
fuck yeah yeah it was fun
I love Toronto was one of my favorite
places on that's where you first met him
I introduced you to him yeah I was
telling him earlier at the nightclub
yeah I took Joe a nightclub to meet
likes and I remember that meeting though
yeah that's when uh what's the thing was
playing scratch scratch was playing and
everybody was there
Toronto is just such a perfect city it's
like the people are nice but it's urban
like it's very populated there's a lot
of people but they don't have that
asshole vibe that like New York has I
think it's the fifth largest city in
North America is it yes yeah let me tell
you they're building like mad over there
yeah all the condos made out of glass
renters market uh but tiny little places
well there's so much cool shit there and
now the weeds legal mm-hmm it's probably
booming in Canada but was never really
an issue there if you got caught with a
like just give me it - stop it but now
it's like you go there there's stores
you know the stores on the street like
yeah yeah I think the necklace is
awesome we same stores they're opening
like about 25 or 50 in Toronto so the
government's gave them some great place
when I did that place that you do that
of the square Shantanu Center yeah
Scotiabank yeah call it Scotiabank yeah
I just did it in November he came and
then you were there I think a month
before me when I yeah yeah yeah I was
there before my Netflix special came out
and it came out in October so I think I
was there around that yeah yeah I
fucking love it up there man that's
probably one of my favourite cities to
visit come on back I love it Massey Hall
loved that put that together yeah that
was fun man you mean big jack oh that's
right that's right that's right yeah
that was a good time at the UFC's
they're always great - yeah good support
they love it up there yeah well it's
just Toronto just such a it's such an
unusual city like Canada in general like
I'll ask you this why people are so nice
there's so much nicer than Americans
it's uh I don't know it's different
there's nice Americans you say nice
you're saying they're friendly they're
more polite like yeah more polite yeah I
find that - I think Americans
are nicer and as far as have you been to
New York lately yeah here's the thing
Canadians are polite and but we'll talk
shit about you you're not gonna ever
like take that but take that over being
rude but Canadians can also get freaked
out by people being forward which
Americans are considered very forward
and you know it's it's an outgoing thing
hmm so where's an American like hey you
know I want to ask you something
Canadians are like oh why is this person
so aggressive I'm like where's the
Canadian be like excuse me I'd like to
ask you a question yeah that's true
it'sit's very similar but just different
approaches y-you know as far as like
stand-up comedy is there how good is the
the community in Canada is it like the
community in America where there's a lot
of up-and-coming people or is it there's
much there's a lot of comics in Canada a
lot of great ones come out of Canada
the problem is there's no the money's
not there so no matter touring around ya
know like the clubs once you get you
know the club's tap out it like maybe
you'll make let's see what that's six
shows on a weekend I had a good
headliner can make 1,200 bucks that's it
I mean that's pretty fucking insane yeah
it's rough especially if they're selling
out and making drink yeah that's the
problem is that the club it I I liken it
to the UFC almost to a certain degree
it's not about the comic it's about the
name of the club like Yuk Yuk's yeah
yeah Jack's is about Yuk Yuk's and
doesn't matter who's there it's about
Yuk Yuk's the UFC is about UFC doesn't
matter who the fucking fighters they
used to have that attitude at some of
the clubs in LA you know that was one of
the reasons why they had that big comic
strike way back in the 70s yeah it's cuz
people felt like the you know the comics
were the ones who were providing the art
form but the clubs and ones who making
all the money and they were like hey you
know you're you you're at The Improv
where you're at the Comedy Store you
know the pay scale at these clubs is the
same as it was in the 80s which is
fucking horrible like I take people out
on the road with me and and the clubs
will pay 50 bucks for an emcee for the
weekend and 100 bucks for the feature
and I'm like that's fucking it that's
what it was
I started in 89 and that's what it would
have been that's crazy there's never
like that and I'm like that's terrible
like how are these kids gonna make a
living
well in a way it's a lot like boxing
because like when people think that
boxers make millions of dollars cuz
Floyd Mayweather make 100 million
dollars in the fight and that is true
but if you look at the undercard like
there's guys that are fighting for chump
change I mean and they are going through
a long camp maybe your first paycheck
yeah well is your first boxing paycheck
5,000 Wow that's because I'm coming out
of the Olympics babe yeah champions and
even still that's five thousand dollars
for a fucking professional fight but you
also had signed a million-dollar deal oh
yeah it's gonna add up after a while
yeah I mean you're a you're an exception
I mean there's guys fighting out there
for like 800 bucks you know yeah try 500
300 yeah yeah so you know another thing
that disturbs me about MMA as opposed to
boxing is the win-lose bonus I don't
like that I think your fighter I think a
fighter should get paid what they're
supposed to get paid no one's trying to
lose and if you're trying to lose you're
never gonna be able to compete at the
highest level anyway these guys are
pouring their heart and soul they're
giving their body that they're literally
sacrificing their health and they might
get fucked out of a decision and because
of that they lose 50 percent of their
money so some incompetent judge which in
boxing is everywhere and then delayed
bird how dare you you just well there's
a there was even worse in her there's
people that don't even do it anymore
because they would be out of the game
every time I listen to the that's when
you know you're a fan of the sport when
you hear the judges names go fuck not
that guy yeah I mean but imagine if 50%
of your purse goes away because someone
doesn't know what the fuck they're do so
wait the win-lose bonus they're
guaranteed a certain amount the
guaranteed a certain amount but that's
to show like say this right like say
maybe you would get 10 and 10 so you get
$10,000 to fight and 10,000 more if you
win much it's crazy it's fit often times
50% and the idea is that you're going to
give these fighters an incentive to put
on a better show but I think I don't lie
and then fight of the night yes I don't
like when people fight any different
than the way they're fighting when
they're fighting the best and the
smartest right I think you should fight
intelligently you shouldn't
engage in a wild brawl because you want
some performance bonus you know because
like they'll give out performance of the
night or knockout of the night can you
can you lose and still get the fight of
the night boss yes sir Ronnie's got a
ton of those ton of bonuses but I mean
that's him though he would fight that
way if you gave him a guarantee oh yes
example if he knew he was gonna make a
half million dollars of fight no matter
what you would fight exactly that way
that's how he fights I think that's how
that's how it should be
he's an anomaly though because he grew
up with money didn't he like a decent he
grew up but at these lessons now
terribly poor he did wasn't wealthy
I thought he had money I find it good
grew up with with a decent amount of
money that's why I was sold it I don't
believe so I don't want to speak out of
school though I mean but I I have always
been at Mikey's PJ pen did you know BJ
Penn is a legend
BJ grew up with a wealthy family they're
wealthy he just was a fighter he finds
it I just saw somewhere he's fine he's
gonna fight Clay Guida yes that's a
fucking odd one
I'm retired he did he got bored so I
still wants to do it he actually looked
very good in his last fight up until a
very exciting fighter back in the day
he's still a wild man yeah he's still
wot but he got leglock by Ryan Hall
who's just this phenomenal jiu-jitsu
player and he caught him with a he did a
imanari role and caught him in a leg
lock and just fucked his leg up Eman
re-roll yeah it sounds like something
you eat it was an re roll em Inari is
this very famous Japanese fighter who is
a phenomenal leg lock artist and there's
actually two moves there's two there's
an Eminem Inari which M&R it comes from
omoplata an omoplata is a shoulder lock
I think it's a Portuguese word I think
that's why they call it almost gets your
it's from your leg yeah it's a shoulder
lock and then the Inman re is while
you're locked up in the omoplata you
grab like a grip underneath the guy's
chin and yank I'm back it's a nasty now
I'll show you tomorrow I hope not
friendly role weekend but if you catch
yourself in a normal plot that it's
coming you know you know what's funny is
when a I'm a big fan of the in arm choke
which I know is your favorite head and
arm yeah yeah and and yeah and then
you're on Jack now causes the Joe Hogan
some would do it get the Joe Hogan and
that's your move you've actually it's
now your move at the gym well you know
sometimes you have like techniques that
you you hit so often that you just know
when they're there yeah and you can
close them up real quick yeah that was
always my shit that's what I've been
I've ever since then I've actually been
working on that well you know some of
you guys did it to me and it's such a
suffocating feeling and when someone's
on top of you and your arm pinned here
next their arms across your neck and you
like it's such a and you make that noise
funny it's a horrible way to get choked
out of the esteem alike I like when guys
get blocks named after them how do you
get out of it doubt you have to put your
hand on your ear like you're answering
the phone that's that's one the first
thing is you're trying to create some
space here so that you don't go to sleep
you gotta you gotta give in to the fact
that this guy's choking this side of
your neck for sure so the arms coming
under here and it's wrapping around here
and if you just go like that and it's
down or like that it's going to get
smushed you're getting you're getting
smushed right so you got it here trying
to create a little bit of space then you
hope this motherfucker gets tired of
squeezing your neck and then you're
trying to get in here and create a
little bit of space that's what we try
to do just give me a little bit of space
at a time just a little bit of space
it's all just a matter of little inches
little tiny micro movements but when
someone has your arm wrapped up like
that and they have that arm across your
neck and there's crushing you with their
bodyweight and then they get their knee
on your solar plexus and flatten you out
and down it's horrible are their
fighters in other countries that don't
go in and I'm a but they're unbelievable
fighters but they're not trying to show
anybody that they're unbelievable
fighters Oh like kung-fu guys no no
those guys all get fucked up when they
try to they think they do it because you
start believing it and you have your
students and they believe you're the
master and
the Shaolin Guardians tried entering
mustard punch of those video my guy
who'd wear the horns Shaolin suit and he
would win and like these really hokey
fight oh yeah and then he get into the
big ones and he just get the shit beat
out of them yeah he was kickboxing yeah
he actually had some skills like heating
nice to watch a show yeah he had some he
could do a little bit but what I'm
talking about it's like these Chi
masters ones where you put seems really
those are so sad yeah yeah McDo yeah
Mick dojo what is the make dojo life on
Instagram as a shitload of those hey
let's make me laugh they're so sad yeah
that's what he put you put seems legit
yeah well a lot of legit is fuck they'll
go and fight a real fighter and they
think they actually know how to fight
and they just get concussed they just
get smashed open you know is it because
you know why why does they don't get it
yeah they don't get hit that's why
that's why I love boxing you know boxing
you spar all the time yeah it hit all
the time so you know in a real fight
boxers is being hit you know guys that
do kung fu and all those things they
don't get hit so when they do get hit in
the real fight it's like it messes them
up it's like yeah but don't see this
coming yeah yeah practical application
the difference between practicing and
you know thinking there's so many of
these this guys doing I haven't seen
this one this is a new one I just picked
one that that guy and the black he looks
like he's gonna fuck this dude up it's a
very key looks like the carpeting in my
bedroom oh my god what did you see that
I wonder why they weren't such weird
keys and everybody everybody clapping
everybody
belts are in that class God dance silly
fucks they really believe that I bet
that guy could get him suck his dick the
same way I know people who really
believe that their teacher can do that
stuff
[Music]
they're called priests yeah it's a it's
weird that those people are still around
in the day of video cameras that you can
still have this but yeah what you're
saying is probably even what you were
saying that if you hadn't fought in two
years and
you would get in there and get hit you
like whoa okay okay let's see I seen
Keith Thurman do that
really oh there's last fight yeah yes
he's in Lopez isn't a banger by any
means he looked a little little off
though yeah well but Keith Thurman had
to suffer through that one little
concussion concussed I should say and he
was all right after that if you hit him
with that same shot he would have took
it even better yeah because he got over
the hump I still tried to Lopez oh yeah
yeah a lot of people did yeah yeah it
was a close fight there was yeah and you
know it was Thurman's big comeback fight
I mean how long he'd been out two years
at least how it was he injured he was
injured he had some sort of operations
elbow yeah yeah so you know but that's
also one of the things that makes it so
interesting you know I mean when and
when a guy does come back from a
devastating loss and you go okay like
like Manny Pacquiao when Marquez knocked
him out out whoo I mean crazy that was a
bad one that was a bad boy that was a
bad one I got some slurring later maybe
it's like you know you make a move good
move but then you've moved into the
man's power punch and he hits you and
you know there's no second chance with
that one yeah and Marquez I mean he's a
he's an interesting case you know I mean
he's uh obviously a very very talented
fighter but as he got older he got like
physically stronger he got bigger and
stronger
you know Mexican supplements Mexican
meat lot involved literal meat monkey
juice there's a lot involved here right
I mean and he actually was working with
Manny Pacquiao's old strength and
conditioning guy and Manny was the guy
was always accused of doing stuff oh you
talk about Alex a reason yeah I mean
Manny went up eight when I had housed
Ariza trained me before yeah when I was
doing my special three years ago look at
him jacked
is he still fighting no he's retired
Marquez is done yeah good for him
they're talking about Floyd they're
doing oh they're talking about doing a
Floyd Pacquiao rematch I'm not really
excited about that you know what I'm
excited about I want to see how much
money Floyd Mayweather can make I'm
excited I mean
like the fucking the fact that he talked
to everybody into that Conor McGregor
fight and he made more than a hundred
million dollars well isn't that tension
kid fighting again he's fighting
somebody else now nazo Kawa yeah he's a
he's a badass you nobody's supposed to
be fighting another another boxer yeah
well I think you're right
I feel a sore one but you know well
tension is a hundred and twenty six
pounds yeah so we should fight somebody
that means the fact that he fought
mayweather at all and people like oh it
looks like it was a fake fight no that's
what it looks like when 126 pound
fighter fights one of the best boxers of
all time yeah that's what it looks like
they don't look fake he did fall very
dramatically because he got his fucking
brain rattled you know oh yeah this oh
my god you want they can't make that
weight anymore either try to make the
weight is that now but they don't have a
make weight that's the thing they just
have a fight
I mean Floyd didn't make any fucking
weight did he would you like do you like
the way one Fc is doing their weight
that yes they're like a lot yeah for
people don't know they they don't let
them cut weight they do hydration tests
so there's no dehydrating yourself so if
you wait at you walk around 185 pounds
you're gonna fight at 185 pounds you're
not gonna fight at 170 or 165 I have
like a lot of these guys do that's good
yeah I'd love yeah that's good because
the hydration aspect of even in any
sport taking that liquid away from the
brain yeah your your body needs liquid
yeah needs it survives on the quits and
it makes your bones brittle it's it's
terrible for you in every way it's
terrible for your performance your
internal organs a lot of guys have
kidney failure when they're cutting
waiting for weigh-ins
that's the beautiful thing about you
being a heavyweight right yeah I didn't
have to take off my clothes I can wait
whatever but yeah there was always that
fighting weight where I would be perfect
that Manny was good at that
yeah the way okay that we don't move
anything don't move from there to 240 no
235 235 was perfect knew you were on yep
yeah now what kind of what kind of
nutrition did you follow when you're
fighting did you you did you take
specific vitamins or dying specific
things
no Jamaican food Jamaican food yeah
Angelo Dundee asked me that same
question yeah I said what do you eat I
said my mother's food he said if it does
if it ain't broke don't fix it it's a
perfect Angelo Dundee quote yeah yeah
he's another one man remember that in
there with the Sugar Ray Leonard against
Thomas Hearns you're blowing it kid yeah
I think it's you shouldn't let her get
fired up and goes out and stops from the
next round there was a lot of good
trainers back the handbook Georgie
Benton air how are ya Georgie Benton
yeah bless your soul good for a good
train as well it's so important for a
young fighter to get hooked up with the
right trainer right you know we got on
that for a second I think part of the
problem with a lot of young kids right
now they need to get good trainers yeah
good trainers really help your game
because even helps you with the with the
TV because I was saying today that when
a man you came into my corner
HBO started talking about me what better
before he was like oh he doesn't throw
the jab enough he looks like he's tired
the fight when I went with Manny they
were like praising me no he's doing good
now max Manny's behind him now he's a
trainer of champion so trainer really
helps you your game
were you with Manny when you fought
Mercer yes
that was a war yeah that was a actually
no I wasn't I wasn't that mersa fight he
actually taught Mercer helped me out
because before that fight I was always
fighting guys that hooked hooked around
body shots and hooks so I kept my hands
like this at the side of my face then
that and then I went into that fight got
a fat lip I hated I hate getting fat
lips in my fights that's like you know
hey did you win the fight yeah it didn't
look like you good to get a fat lip from
you know so I kept on walking around
with a fat lip and a good picture of you
me and Lloyd and you kind of fat lips
right out of money phrase from like 97
and then then Manny said you know it
doing wrong he said you need to put your
hand in front of your mouth I'm like
okay so even if a guy throws in a punch
which slides doesn't slide through he's
gonna hit your hand and he said you can
move your hand
two inches to protect yourself from okay
yeah I said yeah okay you're right
nothing no more fat lips
well I ain't getting fat lips boy
everybody look at you funny mmm that's
hilarious
well having a great trainers it's so
important in MMA as well I mean it's and
there's not that many of them it's like
you really have to find the right ones
you a lot of good trainers too just
former fighters now well there's that
yeah but you know someone has to be a
real stud you can't just be a trainer or
just be a former fighter rather you have
to be a student yeah to really
understand the game like Emanuel was
only an amateur fighter right I never
fought professional and he was one of
the greatest of all time unquestionably
like everybody respected him and so
soft-spoken you know and just but just
knew just knew how to raise fighters and
you think about all the guys Jeremy
Cleland Tommy Hearns all the great
fighters that came out of that camp the
only problem I have with you know
old-time fighters is like you know some
some old-time fighters were bad fighters
and now right now they're training a
young kid the same way Ryan it's not
it's not positive yes like you're
teaching them about tricks
yeah but then there's guys who are
better as trainers than they were as
fighters already runs 100% yeah like
Freddie Roach is recognized one of the
greatest trainers for sure alive but as
a fighter he was a journeyman Kevin Roni
was a good trainer in his death yeah and
he got knocked up by a Oh in the second
round well he was a good trainer with
Tyson but he never really developed
talent outside of time he's developed a
lot of alcohol that's what oh well you
know hangin around with Mike and gets
high years on a leash and then what he
had a good run for a minute buddy McGirt
he's still training fighter yeah I've
trained a buddy before Joe yeah he was a
great fighter but he was a great fighter
yeah great dude yo you haven't trained
with me yet what afraid of me guy listen
man your phone keeps blowing up and you
were supposed to be out here an hour ago
but I appreciate your time man and it
was an honor to sit here and talk to you
thanks for having one of my favorites of
all time
appreciated Russell I like you too
thanks man you're my favorite guy to get
choked out me t we're gonna have some
fun tomorrow Jesus thanks Lewis ladies
and gentlemen thank you everybody
great
[Music]